The College Dropout^Intro^Kanye, can I talk to you for a minute? Me and the other faculty members was wonderin'. Could you do a lil' som... Somethin' beautiful, somethin' that the kids are gon' love when they hear it. That's gon' make them start jumpin' up and down, and sharin' candy and stuff. Think you could probably do somethin', for the kids, for graduation to sing?
The College Dropout^We Don't Care^Oh, yeah. I got the perfect song for the kids to sing And all my people that's drug dealing just to get by Stack your money 'til it gets sky high We wasn't supposed to make it past 25 Joke's on you we still alive Throw your hands up in the sky And say "We don't care what people say" If this is your first time hearing this You are about to experience something so cold man We never had nothing handed Took nothing for granted Took nothing from no man, man I'm my own man But as a shorty I looked up to the dopeman Only adult man I knew that wasn't broke man Flicking Starter coats man, man you don't know man We don't care what people say This is for my niggas outside all winter 'Cause this summer they ain't finna say, "Next summer I'm finna." Sitting in the hood like community colleges This dope money here is Lil Trey's scholarship 'Cause ain't no tuition for having no ambition And ain't no loans for sitting your ass at home So we forced to sell crack rap and get a job You gotta do something man your ass is grown Drug dealing just to get by Stack your money 'til it gets sky high Kids sing, kids sing We wasn't supposed to make it past 25 Joke's on you we still alive Throw your hands up in the sky And say "We don't care what people say" The second verse is for my dogs working 9-to-5 That still hustle 'cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55 And everybody selling make-up, Jacob's And bootleg tapes just to get they cake up We put shit on layaway then come back We claim other people kids on our income tax We take that money cop work then push packs to get paid And we don't care what people say Mamma say she wanna move South Scratching lottery tickets eyes on a new house Around the same time Doe ran up in dude's house Couldn't get a job So since he couldn't get work he figured he'd take work The drug game bulimic it's hard to get weight So nigga's money is homo it's hard to get straight But we gon' keep baking 'til the day we get cake And we don't care what people say My niggas drug dealing just to get by Stack your money 'til it gets sky high Kids sing, kids sing We wasn't supposed to make it past 25 The joke's on you we still alive Throw your hands up in the sky And say "We don't care what people say" You know the kids gon' act a fool When you stop the programs for after school And they DCFS some of them dyslexic They favorite 50 Cent song's 12 Questions We scream, rock, blows, weed park See now we smart We ain't retards the way teachers thought Hold up hold fast we make more cash Now tell my mamma I belong in that slow class Sad enough we on welfare You tryna put me on the school bus with the space for the wheel chair I'm tryna get the car with the chromy wheels here You tryna cut our lights out like we don't live here Look at what's handed us our father's abandoned us When we get them hammers go and call the ambulance Sometimes I feel no one in this world understands us But we don't care what people say My niggas drug dealing just to get by Stack your money 'til it gets sky high Kids sing, kids sing We wasn't supposed to make it past 25 The joke's on you we still alive Throw your hands up in the sky And say we don't care what people say
The College Dropout^Graduation Day^What in the fuck was that Kanye I told you to do some shit for the kids You can give me your muthafucking graduation ticket right now You will not walk across that stage, you won't slide across that stage A muthafucka can't pull you across that stage Kanye Who told you see, I told you to do something up lifting I'm trynna get you out here with these white people and this how you gone do me You know what us a nigga And I don't mean that in no nice way Had little kids sing about the shit, the jokes on you You throw your mutha hands in the air, and wave good-bye to everybody Cause you getting the fuck out of this campus Mutha what you gone do now I'm no longer confused but don't tell anybody. I'm about to break the rules but don't tell anybody. I got something better than school but don't tell anybody. My momma would kill me but don't anybody. she wants me to get a good ass job just like everybody. She ain'twalked in my shoes i'm just not everybody.
The College Dropout^All Falls Down^Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Man I promise, she's so self conscious She has no idea what she's doing in college That major that she majored in don't make no money But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny Now, tell me that ain't insecurrre The concept of school seems so securrre Sophmore three yearrrs aint picked a careerrr She like fuck it, I'll just stay down herre and do hair Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs Cause her baby daddy don't really care She's so precious with the peer pressure Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexus (a Lexus) She had hair so long that it looked like weave Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe Single black female addicted to retail and well Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Man I promise, I'm so self conscious That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace! Then I spent 400 bucks on this Just to be like nigga you ain't up on this! And I can't even go to the grocery store Without some ones thats clean and a shirt with a team It seems we living the american dream But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem The prettiest people do the ugliest things For the road to riches and diamond rings We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us We trying to buy back our 40 acres And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coop/coupe Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down I say fuck the police, thats how I treat em We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em Things we buy to cover up what's inside Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth That's why shortys hollering "where the ballas' at?" Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack And a white man get paid off of all of that But I ain't even gon act holier than thou Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou Before I had a house and I'd do it again Cause I wanna be on 106 and Park pushing a Benz I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific I got a problem with spending before I get it We all self conscious I'm just the first to admit it
The College Dropout^I'll Fly Away^Some glad morning when this life is over, I'll fly away. To a home on God's celestial shore, I'll fly away. I'll fly away, O Glory, I'll fly away. When I die, Hallelujah, bye and bye, I'll fly away. When the shadows of this life have flown, I'll fly away. Like a bird thrown, driven by the storm, I'll fly away. I'll fly away, O Glory, I'll fly away. When I die, Hallelujah, bye and bye, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then, I'll fly away. To a land where joy shall never end, I'll fly away. I'll fly away, O Glory, I'll fly away. When I die, Hallelujah, bye and bye, I'll fly away.
The College Dropout^Spaceship^I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky Man, man, man If my manager insults me again I will be assaulting him After I fuck the manager up then I'm gonna shorten the register up Let's go back, back to the Gap Look at my check, wasn't no scratch So if I stole, wasn't my fault Yeah I stole, never got caught They take me to the back and pat me Askin' me about some khakis But let some black people walk in I bet they show off their token blackie Oh now they love Kanye, let's put him all in the front of the store Saw him on break next to the 'No Smoking' sign with a blunt and a Mall' Takin' my hits, writin' my hits Writin' my rhymes, playin' my mind This fuckin' job can't help him So I quit, y'all welcome Y'all don't know my struggle Y'all can't match my hustle You can't catch my hustle You can't fathom my love dude Lock yourself in a room doin' five beats a day for three summers That's a different world like Kree Summers I deserve to do these numbers The kid that made that deserves that Maybach So many records in my basement I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky Man, I'm talkin' way past the sky Let's go, yeah And I didn't even try to work a job Represent the mob At the same time thirsty on the grind Chi state of mind Lost my momma, lost my mind My life, my love that's not mine Why you ain't signed? Wasn't my time Leave me alone, work for y'all Half of it's yours, half of it's mine Only one to ball Never one to fall Gotta get mine Gotta take mine Got a tech nine Reach my prime Gotta make these haters respect mine In the mall 'til 12 when my schedule said nine Puttin' them pants on shelves Waitin' paitently I ask myself Where I wanna go, where I wanna be Life is much more than runnin' in the streets Holla at 'ye, hit me with the beat Put me on my feet Sound so sweet Yes I'm the same ol' G, same goatee Stayin' low key, nope Holler at God "Man why'd you had to take my folks?" Hope to see Freddy G., Yusef G Love my G, Rolly G Police watch me smoke my weed, count my G's Got a lot of people countin' on me And I'm just tryin' to find my peace Should of finished school like my niece Then I wouldn't finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow Aw man, all this pressure I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky I remember havin' to take the dollar cab Comin' home real late at night Standin' on my feet all damn day Tryin' to make this thing right And havin' one of my co-workers say "Yo you look just like This kid I seen in the old Busta Rhymes video the other night" Well easy come, easy go How that sayin' goes No more broad service, cars, and them TV shows I all had that snatched from me And all the faculties all turn their back on me And didn't wanna hear a rap from me So naturally actually had to face things factually Had to be a catastrophe with the fridgest starin' back at me Cuz nothing's there, nothing's fair I don't wanna ever go back there So I won't be takin' no days off 'til my spaceship takes off I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky I wanna fly, I wanna fly I said I want my chariot to pick me up And take me brother for a ride
The College Dropout^Jesus Walks^Yo, we at war We at war with terrorism, racism, and most of all we at war with ourselves (Jesus walks) God show me the way because the Devil trying to break me down (Jesus walks with me) with me, with me, with me You know what the Midwest is? Young & Restless Where restless (niggas) might snatch your necklace And next these (niggas) might jack your Lexus Somebody tell these (niggas) who Kanye West is I walk through the valley of the shadow of death is Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless Uhhhh! Try to catch it Uhhhh! It's kinda hard Getting choked by the detectives yeah yeah now check the method They be asking us questions, harass and arrest us Saying, "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast." Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis? We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases A trunk full of coke rental car from Avis My mamma used to say only Jesus can save us Well mamma I know I act a fool But I'll be gone 'til November I got packs to move I Hope (Jesus walks) God show me the way because the Devil trying to break me down (Jesus walks with me) The only thing that that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now (Jesus walks) And I don't think there is nothing I can do now to right my wrongs (Jesus walks with me) I want to talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long (Jesus walks) God show me the way because the Devil trying to break me down (Jesus walks with me) The only thing that that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now (Jesus walks) And I don't think there is nothing I can do now to right my wrongs (Jesus walks with me) I want to talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers even the strippers (Jesus walks with them) To the victims of Welfare for we living in hell here hell yeah (Jesus walks with them) Now hear ye hear ye want to see Thee more clearly I know he hear me when my feet get weary Cause we're the almost nearly extinct We rappers are role models we rap we don't think I ain't here to argue about his facial features Or here to convert atheists into believers I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers The way Kathie Lee needed Regis that's the way I need Jesus So here go my single dog radio needs this They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus That means guns, sex, lies, video tapes But if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh? Well if this take away from my spins Which will probably take away from my ends Then I hope this take away from my sins And bring the day that I'm dreaming about Next time I'm in the club everybody screaming out (Jesus walks) God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down (Jesus walks) The only thing that that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now (Jesus walks) And I don't thing there's nothing I can do now to right my wrongs (Jesus walks with me... fades) I want to talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long
The College Dropout^Never Let Me Down^Yeah Grandmama Told you I won't let you down Told you I won't let this rap game change me, right? When it comes to being true, at least true to me One thing I found,one thing I found Oh no you'll never let me down, Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Yo, yo first I snatched the street then I snatched the charts, First I had their ear now I have their heart, Rappers came and went, I've been here from the start, Seen them put it together Watched them take it apart, See the Rovers roll up with ribbons I've seen them re-poed, re-sold and re-driven So when I reload, he holds #1 position When you hot I'm hot And when your feet cold, mine's is sizzling It's plain to see Niggas can't fuck with me 'cause I'mma be that nigga for life This is not an image This is God-given This is hard living Mixed with Cristal sipping It's the most consistent Hov Give you the most hits you can fit inside a whole disc and Nigga I'm home on these charts, y'all niggas visiting It's Hov tradition, Jeff Gordon of rap I'm back to claim pole position, holla at ya boy When it comes to being true, at least true to me One thing I found,one thing I found Oh no you'll never let me down, Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) I get down for my grandfather who took my momma Made her sit that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat At the tender age of 6 she was arrested for the sit in With that in my blood I was born to be different Now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership But we can make it to Jacob and to the dealership That's why I hear new music And I just don't be feeling it Racism still alive they just be concealing it But I know they don't want me in the damn club They even made me show I.D. to get inside of Sam's club I did dirt and went to church to get my hands scrubbed Swear I've been baptised at least 3 or 4 times But in the land where niggas praise Yukons and getting paid It gon' take a lot more than coupons to get us saved Like it take a lot more than do-rags to get your waves Nothing sadder than that day my girl father passed away So I promised to Mr Rany I'm gonna marry your daughter And you know I gotta thank you for they way that she was brought up And I know that you were smiling when you see that car I bought her And you sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up But I can't complain what the accident did to my Left Eye 'cause look what an accident did to Left Eye First Aaliyah and now Romeo must die I know I got angels watching me from the other side When it comes to being true, at least true to me One thing I found,one thing I found Oh no you'll never let me down, Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) When it comes to being true, at least true to me One thing I found,one thing I found Oh no you'll never let me down, Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) We are all here for a reason on a particular path You don't need a curriculum to know that you are part of the math Cats think I'm delirious, but I'm so damn serious That's why I expose my soul to the globe, the world I'm trying to make it better for these little boys and girls I'm not just another individual, my spirit is a part of this That's why I get spiritual, but I get my hymns from Him So it's not me, it's He that's lyrical I'm not a miracle, I'm a heaven-sent instrument My rhythmatic regimen navigates melodic notes for your soul and your mental That's why I'm instrumental Vibrations is what I'm into Yeah, I need my loot by rent day But that is not what gives me the heart of Kunte Kinte I'm tryna give us "us free" like Cinque I can't stop, that's why I'm hot Determination, dedication, motivation I'm talking to you, my many inspirations When I say I can't, let you or self down If I were of the highest cliff, on the highest riff And you slipped off the side and clinched on to your life in my grip I would never, ever let you down And when these words are found Let it been known that God's penmanship has been signed with a language called "Love" That's why my breath is felt by the deaf And why my words are heard and confined to the ears of the blind I, too, dream in color and in rhyme So I guess I'm one of a kind in a full house 'cause whenever I open my heart, my soul, or my mouth A touch of God reigns out When it comes to being true, at least true to me One thing I found,one thing I found Oh no you'll never let me down, Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Get up I get (down) Who else you know been hot this long, (Oh Ya, you know we ain't finished) Started from nothing but he got this strong, (The ROC is in the building) Built the ROC from a pebble, pedaled rock before I met you, Pedaled bikes, got my nephews pedal bikes because they special, Let you tell that man I'm falling, Well somebody must've caught him, 'Cause every fourth quarter, I like to Mike Jordan 'em, Number one albums, what I got like four of them, More of them on the way, The Eight Wonder on the way, Clear the way, I'm here to stay, Y'all can save the chitter chat, this and that, this and Jay, Dissin' Jay will get you maced, When I start spitting them lyrics, niggas get very religious, Six Hail Maries, please Father forgive us, Young, the Archbishop, the Pope John Paul of y'all niggas, The way y'all all follow Jigga, Hov's a living legend and I tell you why, Everybody wanna be Hov and Hov still alive.
The College Dropout^Get Em High^I'm trying to catch the beat, uh I'm trying to catch the beat I'm trying to catch the beat, uh uh, uh I'm trying to catch the beat Now, throw your motherfucking hands GET 'EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to your motherfucking man GET 'EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands KEEP 'EM HIGH And if your losing your high then* smoke again KEEP 'EM HIGH Now, my flow Is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcoholics My freshman year I was going through hella problems 'til I built up the nerve to drop my ass up outta college My teacher said I'm a loser, I told her why don't you kill me I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna follow my heart, And if you follow the charts, or the plaques or the stacks You ain't gotta guess who's back, You see I'm so Chi that you thought it was bashful But this bastard's flow will bash a skull And I will cut your girl like Pastor Troy And I don't usually smoke but pass the 'dro And I won't give you that money that you asking for Why you think me and Dame cool? We're assholes! That's why we hear your music in fast forward 'Cause we don't wanna hear that weak shit no more Now, throw your motherfucking hands GET 'EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to your motherfucking man GET 'EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands KEEP 'EM HIGH And if your losing your high then* smoke again KEEP 'EM HIGH Now who the hell is this? E-mailing me at 11:26, telling me that she 36-26, plus double D You know how girls on black planet be when they get bubbly At NYU but she hail from Kansas, right now she just lampin, chilling on campus Sent me a picture with her feeling on Candice Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis W-H-I-T, it's getting late mami, your screen saver say tweet So you got to call me, and bring a friend for my friend His name Kweli (You mean Talib, lyrics stick to your rib) I mean (That's my favorite CD that I play in my crib) I mean (You don't really know him, why is you lying) You Kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line She's gonna think that I'm lying, just spit a couple of lines Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time, and get her high Yeah, I can't believe this nigga use my name for picking up dimes But never mind, I need some tracks you trying to pull tracks out And my rhymes is finna blow you trying to blow backs out Well OK, you twisted my arm, I'll assist with the charm, aiyyo Ain't you meet that chick at that conference with your mom? She's the bomb, but she got the boujee behavior Always got something to say like an OK player hater Anyway, I don't usually fuck with the Internet Or chicks on Birth Control stuck to they arm like Nicorette You really fucking that much, you trying to get off cigarettes And she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet I apologize if I come off a little inconsiderate I got the bubble kush and a sister could get a hit of it Get 'em high like noon, or the moon or room filled with smoke A high filled with dope You all assumed I was doomed, out of tune, but I still feel the notes The real nigga quotes Real rappers is hard to find like a remote control, Rap is not a used to but still got love, That's why I abuse you who are not thugs Rock clubs, it's like Tiger Woods in the hood, to have my own reality show Called Soul Survivor, I stole all liver, niggas in you You's a bitch I got ones that are thicker than you How could I ever let your words affect me, they say Hip-Hop is dead I'm here to resurrect me, mosh is too sexy to even make songs like these That's why the raw don't know your name, like Alicia Keys Too many featured MCs, and producers is popular Twelve thousand spins, nobody got to copping her Album, how come, you the hot garbage of The year, It's clear your image is snooped up Label got you souped up, telling you you're sick Man you a dick with a loose nut Video hard to watch like Medusa Even your club record need a booster Chimped up, with a pimp cup, illiterate nigga Read the infa, red across your head Imma bred King like Simba Boulder then Denver, I ain't a Madd Rapper just a MC with a temper You dancing for money like honey, I did this my way So when the industry crash, I survive like Kanye Spitting through wires and fires, MCs retiring Got your hands up, get them motherfuckers higher then Now, throw your motherfucking hands GET 'EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to your motherfucking man GET 'EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands KEEP 'EM HIGH And if your losing your high then* smoke again KEEP 'EM HIGH
The College Dropout^Workout Plan^Ay Wussup gurl Heyy gurl Hey How u doin'? Ay you know i finally got my shit together been watchin that workout plan gurl!! Well you lookin' all good and stuff you got you a- Gurl i know it's that workout Got you a six pack shakuar and stuff Don't say it my nigga my nigga i'm tired of puttin 1-8-7 in my niggas pager that shit aint workin' no more Gurl you know i'ma video hofesional now (Gurl) since i copped this new workout plan my shit is right rollin' in lexus, acruasss everything gurll Gurl u need to let me know where i can cop that how much is it? Gurl you know you ain't gotta pay nuttin' around me i'm tha bootleg queeen i'll give it to you for free.99 FREE.99!! That's my dawg you always lookin out for us My nigga now i can throw away my bus pass and shit oh my God Oh shit
The College Dropout^The New Workout Plan^You just popped in the Kanye West Get Right for the Summer workout tape And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly You might be able to pull you a rapper, a NBA player Man, at least a dude with a car So, first of all, we gon' work on the stomach Nobody wants a little tight ass 1, and 2, and 3, and 4, and get them sit ups right, and Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this Give head, stop, breathe, get up, check your weave Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick (AH!) What's scary to me is Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me So excuse me miss, I forgot your name Thank you, God bless you, good night I came, I came, I came It's been a week without me And she feel weak without me She wanna talk it out but Ain't nothing to talk about Unless she talk about freaking out Then maybe we can work it out Work it out, work it out Work it out, work it out now Maybe we can work it out Oh, girl, your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette My name Kanye from the Jigga set, Twista said "Get It Wet" Ooh girl your breath is harsh! Cover your mouth up like you got SARS Off them tracks yea I bought them cars Still, kill a nigga on 16 bars We ain't sweating to the oldies, we juking to a cold beat Maybe one day girl we can bone So you can brag to all your homies now But I still mess with a big girl, if you ain't fit girl, I'll still hit girl 1 and, you brought 2 friends, OK, 3 more now hop in the Benz 4-door: do you know the difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8? All the mocha lattes, you gotta do Pilates You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballas It's been a week without me And she feel weak without me She wanna talk it out but Ain't nothing to talk about Unless she talk about freaking out Then maybe we can work it out Work it out, work it out Work it out, work it out now Maybe we can work it out Hi, my name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to Kanye's workout plan. I Was able to pull a NBA player. And like now I shop every day on Rodeo Drive. I just want to say, thank you Kanye! Woooo! Woooo! Woooo! My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say that ever since listening to Kanye's workout tape, I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds And 13's put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun. And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck with Ray-Ray's broke ass no more Work it (more) Juke it (more) Pump it (more) Chi-Town (more) Let's go (more) My name is Ella-May from Mobile, Alabama, and I just want to say since Listening to Kanye's workout tape, I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide, and I rode a plane, rode a plane, rode a plane Thanks to Kanye's workout plan I'm the envy of all my friends See I pulled me a baller man And I ain't gotta work at the mall again (Lemme break ya with a piece of) My favorite work out plan (Oh! Oh! Oh!) I wanna see you work out (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) I wanna see you work out (It's like that old Michael Jackson shit) That's right, put in work, move your ass, go berserk Eat your salad, no dessert, get that man you deserve It's Kanye's workout plan I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen) It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself) His workout plan (This time around, I want y'all to clap like this) That's right, put in work Move your ass, go berserk Eat your salad, no dessert Get that man you deserve (Stop!) It's Kanye's workout plan (OK, breathe) I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired) It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not 'cause on this one I need ya) His workout plan (To give me a soul clap, OK?) (Double time) That's right, put in work (Woo!) Move your ass, go berserk (Ow!) Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!) Get that man you deserve That's right, put in work (Put in work) Move your ass, go berserk (Go berserk) Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert) Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh) That's right, put in work (That's right put in work) Move your ass, go berserk (Go berserk) Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert) Get that man you deserve (Woo!) (OK, OK, OK, that's, that'd be good) (I appreciate your time) I want to see you work out for me Whoa, yeah, whoa yeah Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do, yo
The College Dropout^Slow Jamz^Are you gonna be? Say that you're gonna be Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh... She said she wants some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Ripperton, and definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) I told her to drive over in your new whip Bring some friends you cool with I'm gonna bring the cool whip Then I want you to strip See you is my new chick So we get our grind on She be grabbing, calling me Biggie like Shine home Man, I swear she fine homes Why she always lying though Telling me them diamonds when she know they rhinestones She got a light skinned friend look like Michael Jackson Got a dark skinned friend look like Michael Jackson I play 'Ready for the World' - she was ready for some action My dawg said you ain't no freak, so you got to prove my man wrong I'm a play this Vandross You're gonna take your pants off I'm gonna play this Gladys Knight Me and you're gonna get right She said she wants some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Ripperton, and definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) She said she wants some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Ripperton, and definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) Got you looking at the gliss at my hands and wrists While I'm laying back smoking on my cannabis When it come to rocking the rhythm like Marvin and Luther I can tell you ain't no messing with Kan-man and Twist From the Chi and I be Sipping Hennessy Play some R&B Trying to smoke a B Looking properly Feeling on a G? And always (well well well well well) Come with me and sip on some Evelyn Champagne You ain't know Twista can work it like the Whispers Hit the stop light, get into some Isaac The rims still moving so I'm bumping little spinners While I'm smoking on a B Dipping through the streets Bumping R&B And I got to leave something to the 23's? And I do it (well well well well well) With my earth and the wind smoke a fire Let me when get your sheets wet listening to Keith Sweat Put you in a daze for maze Fullfilling our every temptation slow jamming having deep sex You ready for the world girl Come on over make me touch you all over your body baby don't say no to me An every moment you controllin' me I'm loving the way you be holding me when I be listening to Jodeci And when I come over and bend your ass You be bumping Teddy Pendergrass I'd hit it from the back to the melody to roll it slow Now I gotta go up in it fast, but I'm gonna finish last No matter how much of a thug you see I still spit it like it's R&B, so to the club with me And with some Luther come on and hope you finna and still be in love with me She said she wants some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Ripperton, and definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) She said she wants some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Ripperton, and definitely set this party off right (Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well) Baby drop another slow jam And all us lovers need hold hands And if you ain't got no man hop up in my Brougham I keep it pimping like an old man You got to roll with the plan Cause after that then I Take it to the dome Then I got to bone Stay up in the zone Got to get you home Gotta run up on And I do it (well well well well well) Baby drop another slow jam And all us lovers need hold hands And if you ain't got no man hop up on my brohem I keep it pimping like an old man You got to roll with the plan Cause after that then I Take you to my home And we could get it on Disconnect the phone Just to get you goin' Trying to make you moan And I do it (well well well well well)
The College Dropout^Breathe In Breathe Out^Yeah, breathe in, breathe out If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out Push a big truck, pull ya keys out Girls go wild and pull ya deez out Breathe in, breathe out Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!" Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably) But is it cool to rap about gold If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!) First nigga with a Benz and a backpack Ice chain, Cardi lens, and a knapsack Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again And it's still about the Benjamins Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms Strippers named Cinnamon More chips than Pentium What'cha gon' buy next? Whatever new trend it is I'm tryin' to spend my stacks And I'm so broke I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?" I mean twelve platinum chains, was I on that? What the hell was wrong with me dog? Sing along with my y'all Yeah, breathe in, breathe out If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out Push a big truck, pull ya keys out Girls go wild and pull ya deez out Breathe in, breathe out Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!" Now even though I went to college and dropped out of school quick I always had a Ph.D.: a Pretty Huge Dick Ladies tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like this And givin' head is like a whale, using the toothpick' Well, I'm in the club for a limited time Act now and get some action for $free.99 Later on I might charge for ménage Heard her man was the boss of the floss But she still want to toss me the drawers And it ain't gon' cost me because she my caddy Cuz she grabbed my golf balls in the club And I'm still actin' calm than a mug She asked "Can you drive me and the hunnies to where my Altima was?" While we drive she tellin' me 'bout problems with her man Baby I fully understand Let me help you with a plan While he trickin' off, don't get no rich nigga Give ME some head, that'll really piss hI'm off Yeah, breathe in, breathe out If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out Push a big truck, pull ya keys out Girls go wild and pull ya deez out Breathe in, breathe out Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out When I pull a piece out niggas like "Peace out!" I blow past low class niggas with no cash In the fo' dash six, bitch you can go ask So when I go fast popo just laugh Right until I run out of gas or 'til I go crash Whatever comes first I'm prepared for the worst Whatever comes second I'll be there with my weapon Pullin' up in the Lexuses/'lexeses, one on both hand So I guess them GSes was ambidextrous Coulda sworn her breasteses was sendin' me messages "K I need a free hand mammogram I got weed, drink, and a Handicam All of which is legal in Amsterdam" So say my name like Candyman And I'ma come and fix you up like the handyman But if you don't need a fix, girl you gotta leave You can't take that all at one time ya gotta breathe Yeah, breathe in, breathe out If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out Push a big truck, pull ya keys out Girls go wild and pull ya deez out Breathe in, breathe out Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out When I pull a piece out niggas like "Peace out!" Can you say Chi city? Can you say Chi city?
The College Dropout^School Spirit Skit 1^Now beat that And your mothers sayin "go to college" So u finish college and its wonderful U feel so good And after all the partying and crazing And don't forget about that drug habit u picked up at school bein around your peers Hey now you'll get that 25 thou, job a year and You'll spend all your money on crack cocaine, but it'll be you're your money No more borrowin money from mom for my high So now you get ur degree tattooed on your back your so excited about it If u continue to work at the GAP, after several interviews, Oh my god! You'll come in at an entry level position and when u do that If u kiss enough ass, you'll move up to the next level Which is being a secretary's secretary! And boy is that great, you get to take messages for the secretary Who never went to college Shes actually the bosses niece, so now your apart of the family You know what college does for you? It makes you really smart man All you kids want to talk in the back of the class not me, I listened, ok I was a hall monitor, This was meant to be, You know how many classes I took, extra classes extra classes No I've never had sex but you know what, my degree keeps me satisfied When a lady walks to me says "hey u know whats sexy?" I say "no, I don't know what it is, but I bet I can add up all the change in your purse very fast".
The College Dropout^School Spirit^School spirit motherfuckers Alpha, step. Omega, step Kappa, step. Sigma, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw AKA, step. Delta, step S G Rho, step. Zeta, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw I'ma get on this TV, momma I'ma, I'ma break shit down I'ma make sure these light skinned niggaz Never ever never come back in style Told 'em I finished school, and I started my own business They say, 'Oh you graduated?' No, I decided I was finished Chasin' y'all dreams and what you've got planned Now I spit it so hot you got tanned Back to school and I hate it there, I hate it there Everything I want I gotta wait a year, I wait a year This nigga graduated at the top of my class.. I went to Cheesecake, he was a motherfucking waiter there Alpha, step. Omega, step Kappa, step. Sigma, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw AKA, step. Delta, step S G Rho, step. Zeta, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw I got a Jones like Norah for your sorror' Bring more of them girls I've seen in the Aurora Tammy, Becky, and Laura, or'a Shirley I'm tryin' to hit it early, like I'm in a hurry See, that's how dude became the young pootie tang tippy tow Rocafella chain, yeah that's my rapper style Rosary piece, yeah that's my Catholic style Red and white One's, yeah that's my Kappa style And I ain't even pledge Crack my head on the steering wheel and I ain't even dead If I could go through all that and still be breathing Bitch bend over, I'm here for a reason Alpha, step. Omega, step Kappa, step. Sigma, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw AKA, step. Delta, step S G Rho, step. Zeta, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw I feel a woo coming on, cuz. I feel a woo coming on, cuz WOO There it was I feel some woos coming on, cuz. A couple woos coming on, cuz WOO, WOO There they was I feel a woo coming on, cuz. I feel a woo coming on, cuz WOO There it was A couple woos coming on, cuz. A couple woos coming on, cuz WOO, WOO There they was
The College Dropout^School Spirit Skit 2^You keep it going man, you keep those books rolling, You pick up those books your going to read And not remember and you roll man. You get that a sociate degree, okay, Then you get your bachelors, then you get your masters Then you get your master's masters, Then you get your doctron, You go man, then when everybody says quit You show them those degree man, when Everybody says hey, your not working, Your not making in money, You say look at my degrees and you look at my life, Yeah i'm 52, so what, hate all you want, But i'm smart, i'm so smart, and i'm in school, And these guys are out here making Money all these ways, and i'm spended mine to be smart. You know why? Because when i die, buddy, you know What going to keep me warm, that right, those degrees
The College Dropout^Lil Jimmy Skit^Hey Jimmy where you going? I dont know where I'm goin. My Dad died, and he left me his degrees. My mom would always say "Dad, why dont you work?", But he just kept learning. All the other kids parents were working and saving up money for school, And I was actaully in school all when my dad was in school. He was so gready with degrees, he took my degree. And now I'm just glad he left me these. Because all the regular homeless people have newspaper, and look what I have. These are documented. My father left them for me. And Im going to leave them to my kids. I'm going to learn too. I'm going to get super smart, so I to can die without money. But I'll be the smartest dead guy. Who has that.
The College Dropout^Two Words^We in the streets playa, getcha mail It's only two places you'll end up - either dead or in jail Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go Now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas, boostas, hoes Everybody, fuck that Still nowhere to go...sill nowhere to go.. Two words, United States, no love, no brakes Low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks Big Macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules Presidential scandals, everybody MOVE Two words, Mos Def, K West, hot shit Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this Game ball, lock shit, dump off, cock shit We won't stop shit, everybody MOVE Two words, BK , NY, bedstuy Two hawks, too hungry, too many, that's why These streets know game, can't ball, don't play Every traffic, one lane, everybody MOVE Two words, Mos Def, black check, hot shit Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this Game point lock, long pump cocked We won't stop, everybody MOVE Now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas (Throw your hands up high) Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh) Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh) and keep ya hands up bustless, bustas (Till they reach the sky) Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh) Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh) Aiyyo, two words, Chi town, South side, world wide Cuz I, rep that, till I, fuckin die One neck, two chains, one waist, two gats One wall, twenty plaques, dudes say, "Gimme that" I am limelight, Blueprint, 5 Mics Go getters rhyme like, shoulda been signed twice Most imitated, Grammy nominated Hotel accommodated, cheerleader, prom dated Barbershop, playa hated, mom and pop, bootlegged it Felt like it rained till the roof caved in Two words, Chi town, raised me, crazy So I live by two words, "Fuck you, pay me" Screamin, Jesus save me You know how the game be I can't let em change me Cuz on Judgment Day, you gon blame me Look God, it's the same me I (Throw) basically know now (Your) we could (Up) racially profile (High) Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and hoe down (ohhhhhh) Plus I got a whole city to hold down (ohhhhhh) From the bottom to the top The only place to go down and keep ya hands up bustless, bustas (Till they reach the sky) Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh) Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh) Two words, Freeway, two letters, A-R Turn y'all rap niggaz into two words, fast runners Like Jackie Jurner, you better sleep with your burner The heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car My God, two words, no guns, break arms Break necks, break backs, Steven Segul Free...young bars, fresh men of the Roc Left the beef in the pot Jay sent for his dogs and broads, forget ya squad, let em find for yourself Have you screamin out four words "Send for the Lord" Two words, Freeway's slightly retarded Fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad.. Throw... (red) Your... (white) Hands... (blue) Up... (black) Throw... (calm) Your... (down) Hands... (move) Up... (back) Throw... (motherfuckers) Your... (askin) Hands... (who is) Up... (that) Throw... (you know) Your... (it's the) Hands... (almighty) Up... (Mighty Johnny Jack) Throw... (Mos) Your... (Def) Hands... (K) Up... (West) Throw... (there go) Your... (people) Hands... (get this) Up... (shit off ya chest) Throw... (north) Your... (to the south) Hands... (to the east) Up... (to the west) Throw... (we got) Your... (that concert) Hands... (it was no) Up... (contest) HIGH! (an show it to em like)
The College Dropout^Through The Wire^Yo G they can't stop me from rapping can they? Can they, huh? Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all Through the fire, through whatever come what may For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all away Right down through the wire, even through the fire I spit it through the wire man There's too much stuff on my heart right now man I'll gladly risk it all right now It's a life or death situation man Y'all don't really understand how I feel right now man It's your boy Kanye to the... Chi-Town what's going on I drink a boost for breakfast, and ensure for dessert Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp That right there could drive a sane man bizzerk Not to worry Mr. H 2 the Izzo's back to wizzerk How do you console my mom or give her light support? Telling her your son's on life support And just imagine how my girl feel On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till She was with me before the deal she been trying to be mine She a delta so she been throwing them Dynasty signs No use me tryin' to be lyin' I been trying to be signed Trying to be a millionaire How I use two lifelines In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died The doctor said I had blood clots But I ain't Jamaican man Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band I swear this right here is history in the making man Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all Through the fire, through whatever come what may For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all away Right down through the wire, even through the fire I really apologize how I sound right now man If it's unclear at all, man They got my mouth wired shut for like I don't know the doctor said for like six weeks You know we had reconstru... I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw Looked in the mirror half my jaw was in the back of my mouth man I couldn't believe it But I'm still here for you all right now yo This is what I gotta say yo Yeah, turn me up yeah What if somebody from the Chi that was ill got a deal on the hottest rap label around But he wasn't talking bout coke and birds it was more like spoken word Except he's really putting it down And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory And what we need to do in the game Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time In the blink of an eye his whole life changed If you could feel how my face felt you would know how Mace felt Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt I swear to God driver two wanna sue I got lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe; safe My dawgs couldn't tell if I I look like Tom Cruise on Vanilla Sky, it was televised There's been an accident like GEICO They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael I must gotta angel Cause look how death missed his ass Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. Glass Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past Toys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all Through the fire, through whatever come what may For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all away Right down through the wire, even through the fire Know what I'm saying When the doctor told me I had a um.. I was going to have a plate on my chin I said dawg don't you realize I'll never make it on the plane now Its bad enough I got all this jewelry on Can't be serious man Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all Through the fire, through whatever come what may For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all away Right down through the wire, even through the fire
The College Dropout^Family Business^How's your son? (all, all, all the things, things) He make the team this year? (all, all, all the things things) Aw th-, they said he wasn't tall enough? (all, all, all the glitter is not gold) Yeah me we gon' cook this up (now gold is not a reality) (real is what you live to be) This is family business And this is for the family that can't be with us And this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us That's why I spit it in my songs so sweet Like a photo of your granny's picture Now that you're gone it hit us Super hard on Thankgiving and Christmas, this can't be right Yeah you heard the track I did man, this can't be life Somebody please say grace so I can save face And have a reason to cover my face I even made you a plate, soul food, know how Granny do it Monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it When I brought it why had guard have to look all to it? As kids we used to laugh Who knew that life would move this fast? Who knew I'd have to look at you through a glass? And look, tell me you ain't did it, you ain't did it And if you did, then that's family business And I don't care 'bout (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings) They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things) All these fancy things I tell you that all (all the glitter) my weight in gold Now all I know I know all these things This is family business And this is for everybody standin' with us Come on, let's take a family Grammy picture Abby, remember when they ain't believe in me? Now she like "See, that's my cousin on TV" Now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it And y'all gon' hate it and I'm his favorite I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider But when we get together be electric slidin' Grandma, get 'em shook up Aw naw, don't open the photo book up I got an Aunt Ruth that can't remember your name But I bet them Polaroids'll send her down memory lane You know that one auntie, you don't wanna be rude But every holiday nobody eatin' her food And you don't wanna stay there cuz them your worst cousins Got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins Act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins Fit three in the bed while six of y'all I'm talkin' 'bout three by the head and three by the leg But you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bed Rain, rain, rain go away Let the sun come out and all the children say Rain, rain, rain go away Let the sun come out and all the children say I woke up early this mornin' with a new state of mind A creative way to rhyme without usin' knives and guns Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to God And keep your face to the risin' sun All my niggas from the Chi, that's my family dog And my niggas ain't my guys, they my family dog I feel like one day you'll understand me dog You can still love your man and be manly dog You ain't got to get heated at every house warmin' Sittin' here, grillin' people like George Foreman Why Uncle Ray and Aunt Shiela always performin'? The second she storms out then he storms in Y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion And drink some wine like Communion And act like everything fine and if it isn't We ain't lettin' everybody in our family business (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings) They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things) They don't mean a thing (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings) They don't mean a thing, a thing And I don't care 'bout (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings) They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things) All these fancy things I tell you that all (all the glitter) my weight in gold Now all I know I know all these things (oooh) All these things (these things) All these things (oooh) all these things (these things) All these things (oooh) all these things (these things) All these things (oooh) all these things (these things) All these things (oooh) all these things (these things) All these things (oooh) all these things (these things) All these things (oooh) all these things (these things) All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)
The College Dropout^Last Call^Yo fuck you, Kanye, first and foremost For making me do this shit. Muh'fucker Had to throw everybody out the motherfucking room 'Cause they don't fucking.. (I'd like to propose a toast) (I said toast motherfucker) And I am (here's to the roc) And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them (here's to Rocafella) Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky (here's to the roc) This is the last call for alcohol, for the... (here's to Rocafella) So get your ass up off the wall The all around the world Digital Underground, Pac The Rudloph the red nosed reindeer of the Roc I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame And come back next year with the whole fucking game Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself Rocafella's only niggaz that help My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here They say he bourgie, he big-headed Won't you please stop talking about how my dick head is Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas It's funny how wasn't nobody interested 'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus And I am (here's to the roc) And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them (here's to Rocafella) Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky (here's to the roc) This is the last call for alcohol, for the... (here's to Rocafella) So get your ass up off the wall Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest But all they got left is this guy called West Better take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def Call him Kwa-lI or Kwe-li, I put him on songs with Jay-Z I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh It come out sweeter than old Sadie Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards And I was almost famous, now everybody loves Kanye I'm almost Raymond' Some say he arrogant. Can y'all blame him? It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him Last year shoppin my demo, I was tryin' to shine Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more You niggaz wear suits 'cause you can't dress no more You can't say shit to Kanye West no more I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga I'm Kan, the Louis Vuitton Don Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars I went to the malls and I balled too hard 'Oh my god, is that a Black Card?' I turned around and replied, why yes but I prefer the term African American Express Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to Killin y'all niggaz on that lyrical shit Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips "... last call for alcohol, for my niggaz" So this A&R over at Rocafella, named Hiphop picked the Truth beat for Beanie. And I was in the session with him I had my demo with me. You know, like I always do I play the songs, he's like "Who that spittin?" I'm like "It's me." He's like "Oh, well okay." Uhh, he started talkin to me on the phone going back and forth, just askin me to send him beats And I'm thinking he's trying to get into managing producers cause he had this other kid named Just Blaze he was messin with And um, he was friends with my mentor, No ID And No ID told him, "look man, you wanna mess with Kanye you need to tell him that you like the way he rap" "Yo, you wanna sign him, tell him you like how he rap" I was all, I dunno if he was gassin' me or not but he's like he wanna manage me as a rapper AND a producer "I'll sign you as a producer and a rapper", I'm like oh shit I was messin with, uh, D-Dot also People were like this, started talking about the Ghost production But that's how I got in the game. If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be here So you know. After they picked that Truth beat I was figuring I was gonna do some more work But shit just went poppin off like that. I was stayin in Chicago I had my own apartment. I be doin' like, just beats for local acts just to try to keep the lights on, and then to go out and buy get a Pelle Pelle off lay-away, get some Jordans or something or get a TechnoMarine, that's what we wore back then I made this one beat where I sped up this Hal Melville sample I played it for Hip over the phone, he's like "oh, yo that shit is crazy Jay might want it for this compilation album he doin, called The Dynasty." And at that time, like the drums really weren't soundin' right to me so I went and um, I was listening to Dre Chronic 2001 at that time and really I just, like picked the drums off Xxplosive and put it like with it sped up, sampled, and now it's kind of like my whole style when it started, when he rapped on 'This Can't be Life.' And that was like, really the first beat of that kind that was on the Dynasty album I could say that was the, the resurgence of this whole sound You know, I got to come in and track the beat, and at the time I was still with my other management. I really wanted to roll with Hiphop. 'Cause I, I just needed some fresh air, you know what I'm sayin, 'cause I been there for a while, I appreciated what they did for me, but, you know there's a time in every man's life where he gotta make a change, try to move up to the next level. And that day I came and I tracked the beat and I got to meet Jay-Z and he said, "oh you a real soulful dude" "you a real soulful dude". And he uh, played the song 'cause he already spit his verse by the time I got to the studio, you know how he do it, one take. And he said "check this out, tell me what you think of this, right here" "tell me what you think of this." And I heard it, and I was thinking like, man, I really wanted more like of the simple type Jay-Z, I ain't want like the, the more introspective, complicated rhy- or the, in my personal opinion. So he asked me, "what you think of it?" "so what you thinkin?" And I was like, "man that shit tite," you know what I'm sayin', man what I'ma tell him? I was on the train man, you know. So after that I went back home. And man I'm, I'm just in Chicago, I'm trying to do my thing. You know, I got groups. I got acts I'm trying to get on, and like there wasn't nothin really like poppin' off the way it should have been. One of my homeys that was one of my artists, he got signed. But it was supposed to really go through my production company, but he ended up going straight with the company. So, like I'm just straight holdin' the phone, gettin' the bad news that dude was tryin' to leave my company. And I got evicted at the same time. So I went down and tracked the beats from him, I took that money, came back, packed all my shit up in a U-Haul, maybe about ten days before I had to actually get out. So I ain't have to deal with the landlord 'cause he's a jerk. Me and my mother drove to "Come on, let's just go" Newark, New Jersey. I hadn't even seen my apartment. I remember I pulled up "Kanye, baby, we're here", I unpacked all my shit. You know, we went to Ikea, I bought a bed, I put the bed together myself. I loaded up all my equipment, and the first beat I made was, uh, 'Heart of the City.' And Beans was still working on his album at that time, so I came up there to Baseline, it was Beans' birthday, matter of fact, and I played like seven beats. And, you know I could see he's in the zone he already had the beats that he wanted, I did nothing like already at that time. But then Jay walked in. I remember he had a GuccI bucket hat on. I remember it like, like it was yesterday. And Hiphop said "yo play that one beat for him." And I played 'Heart of the City.' And really I made 'Heart of the City,' I really wanted to give that beat to DMX. "No I think Jay gon' like this one right here". And I played another beat, and I played another beat. And I remember that GuccI bucket, he took it and like put it over his face and made one of them faces like 'OOOOOOOOOOH.' Two days later I'm in Baseline and I seen Dame. Dame didn't know who I was and I was like "yo what's up I'm Kanye." "Yo, you that kid, Kanye?" "You that kid that gave all them beats to Jay? Yo, this nigga got classics" "Jay got classics, G." You know I ain't talkin shit. I'm like "oh shit." And all this time I'm starstruck, man. I'm still thinking 'bout, you know I'm picturing these niggaz on the show The Streets is Watching, I'm lookin, these were superstars in my eyes. And they still are, you know. So, Jay came in and he spit all these songs like in one day, and in two days... I gotta bring up one thing, you know, come back to the story, the day I did the 'Can't be Life' beat on track, I remember Lenny S, he had some Louis Vuitton sneakers on, he think he fly. And Hiphop was there, I think Tata, John Minnelli, a bunch of people. I didn't know all these people at the time they was in the room, and I said, "yo Jay I could rap." And I spit this rap that said, uh "I'm killin y'all niggaz on that lyrical shit. Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips." And I saw his eyes light up when I said that line. But you know the West, the rap was like real wack and shit, so that's all the response. He said "man that was tite." "That, that was cool. That was hot." That was it. You know, I ain't get no deal then, hehe. Okay, fast forward. So, Blueprint, H to the Izzo, my first hit single. And I just took that proudly, built relationships with people. My relationship with KwelI I think was one of the best ones to ever happen to my career as a rapper. Because, you know, of course later he allowed me to go on tour with him. Man, I appre-- I love him for that. And at this time, you know I didn't have a deal, I had songs, and I had relationships with all these A&R's, and they wanted beats from me, so they'd call me up, I'd play them some beats. "Gimme a beat that sound like Jay-Z." You know, they dick riders. Whatever. So I'll play them these post-Blueprint beats or whatever and then I'll play my shit. I'll be like, "yo but I rap too." Hey, I guess they was lookin' at me crazy 'cause you know, 'cause I ain't have a jersey on or whatever Everybody out there listen here. I played them 'Jesus Walks' and they didn't sign me. You know what happened, it was some A&R's that fucked with me though, but then like the heads, it'd be somebody at the company that'll say "naw." Like, Dave LottI fucked with me, my nigga Mel brought me to a bunch of labels. Jessica Rivera, man "Man, you niggaz is stupid if y'all don't sign Kanye, for real." I'm not gonna say nothin to mess my promotion up "Y'all niggaz is stupid". Let's just say I didn't get my deal. The nigga that was behind me, I mean, he wasn't even a nigga, you know? The person who actually kicked everything off was Joe 3H from Capitol Records. He wanted to sign me really bad. "We gonna change the game, buddy." Dame was like, "yo you got a deal with Capitol, okay man, just make sure it's not wack." "you gotta make sure it's not wack." Then one day I just went ahead and played it, I wanted to play some songs, 'cause you know Cam was in the room, Young Guru, and Dame was in the room. So I played... actually it's a song that you'll never hear, but maybe I might use it. So, it's called 'Wow.' "I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow I got eleven plaques on my walls right now You got your first gold single, damn, nigga, wow." Like the chorus went. Don't bite that chorus, I might still use it. So I play that song for him, and he's like "oh shit" "Oh shit it's not even wack." "I ain't gonna front, it's kinda hot." "it's actually kinda hot." Like they still weren't looking at me like a rapper. And I'm sure Dame figured, 'like man. If he do a whole album, if his raps is wack at least we can throw Cam on every song and save the album, you know. So uh Dame took me into the office, and he's like "yo man, we, we on a brick, we on a brick" "you don't wanna catch a brick" You gotta be under an umbrella, you'll get rained on. I told Hiphop and Hiphop was all, "oh, word?" Actually, even with that I was still about to take the deal with Capitol 'cause it was already on the table and 'cause of my relationship with 3H. That, you know, 'cause I told him I was gonna do it, and I'm a man of my word, I was gonna roll with what I said I was gonna do. Then, you know, I'm not gonna name no names, but people told me, "oh he's just a producer rapper" and told 3H that told the heads of the Capitol, and right-- the day I'm talking about, I planned out everything I was gonna do man, I had picked out clothes, I already started booking studio sessions, I started arranging my album, thinking of marketing schemes man I was ready to go. And they had Mel call me, they said "yo... Capitol pulled on the deal" "Yo, Capitol pulled out on the deal." And, you know I told them that Rocafella was interested and I don't know if they thought that was just something I was saying to gas them up to try to push the price up or whatever. I went up... I called G, I said, "man, you think we could still get that deal with Rocafella?"        
Late Registration^Wake Up Mr. West^I knew I was gonna see ya, I knew I was gonna see you again! I was gonna see you again Where your god damn book bag at? Always carryin' that lil book bag Nobody wanna see that God damn fourth grader Sit yo' ass down ?? wanna play it again like he got somethin else to do You ain't got nothin' else to do You ain't doin nothin wit yo life Nothing with your life What do you think this is? You betta look at me when i'm talkin' to you! You think this is easy don't you? You think this is promised Oh ain't nothin promised with you Look at my face, do I got a promise face? Does it look like promise you anything? Kanye! Ni**a! Is you snorin' in my class? Wake up Mr. West! Mr. West
Late Registration^Heard 'Em Say^Wake up, Mr. West And I heard 'em say, Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today. From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way, So this is in the name of love, like Robert say Before you ask me to go get a job today, Can I at least get a raise on the minimum wage? And I know the government administer AIDS, So I guess we just pray like the minister say, Allāhu Akbar And throw 'em some hot cars, The things we see on the screen that's not ours, But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far Where I'm from, The dope boys is the rock stars, But they can't cop cars without seein' cop cars, I guess they want us all behind bars. I know it. Uh, and I heard 'em say, Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today. And I heard 'em say, Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today. (Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.) But we'll find a way (And nothing last forever but be honest babe, It hurts but it may be the only way) They say people in your life are seasons, And anything that happen is for a reason, And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezin', And Gran keep prayin' and keep believin' In Jesus and one day that you see him, 'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him, The devil is alive I feel him breathin', Claimin' money is the key so keep on dreamin', And put them lottery tickets just to tease us, My aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down, So now my little cousin's smoking them cigarettes now, His job try to claim that he too niggerish now, Is it 'cause his skin blacker than licorice now? I can't figure it out... I'm sick of it now Uh, and I heard 'em say, Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today. And I heard 'em say, Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today. (Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.) But we'll find a way (And nothing last forever but be honest babe, It hurts but it may be the only way) With every worthless word we get more far away, And nothing's ever promised tomorrow today, And nothing last forever but be honest babe, It hurts but it may be the only way
Late Registration^Touch The Sky^I gotta testify Come up in the spot looking extra fly 'Fore the day I die I'mma touch the sky Gotta testify Come up in the spot looking extra fly 'Fore the day I die I'mma touch the sky Back when they thought pink Polos'd hurt the Roc Before Cam got the shit to pop, the doors was closed I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the Lox (locks) Now let's go Take 'em back to the plan Me and my momma hopped in the U-Haul van Any pessimists I ain't talked to them Plus I ain't have no phone in my apartment Let's take 'em back to the club Least about a hour I stand on line I just wanted to dance I went to Jacob a hour after I got my advance I just wanted to shine Jay favorite line: "Dog, in due time" Now he look at me, like "Damn, dog, you where I am." A hip-hop legend I think I died in a accident 'cause this must be heaven I gotta testify Come up in the spot looking extra fly 'Fore the day I die I'mma touch the sky Gotta testify Come up in the spot looking extra fly 'Fore the day I die I'mma touch the sky Now let's take 'em high la la la la la la la (Top of the world, baby. Top of the world) Now let's take 'em high la la la la la la la (Top of the world, baby. Top of the world) (Top of the world, baby. Top of the world) Back when Gucci was the shit to rock Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop I'd do anything to say "I get it" Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket Before anybody wanted K-West beats Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC Dog, I was having nervous breakdowns Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?" Baby, I'm going on an airplane And I don't know if I'll be back again Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets But when she came to kick it, things became different Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long I'm tryna right my wrongs But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song Now I gotta testify Come up in the spot looking extra fly 'Fore the day you die You gon' touch the sky You gon' touch the sky, baby girl! Testify Come up in the spot Looking extra fly 'Fore the day you die You gon' touch the sky Yes, yes, yes guess who's on third? Lupe steal like Lupin the Third Hear like ear 'til I'm beer on the curb Peach fuzz buzz but beard on the verge Let's slow it down like we're on the syrup Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterworth But before you say another word I'm back on the block like I'm laying on the street I'm tryna stop Lion like I'm Mumm-Ra But I'm not lying when I'm laying on the beat En garde, touché Lupe cool as the unthawed But I still feel possessed as a gun charge I come as correct as a porn star In a fresh pair steps in my best foreign car So, I represent the first Now let me end my verse right where the horns are like I gotta testify Come up in the spot looking extra fly 'Fore the day you die You gon' touch the sky You gon' touch the sky, baby girl Testify Come up in the spot looking extra fly 'Fore the day you die You gon' touch the sky We back at home, baby Sky-high I'm, I'm sky-high I'm, I'm sky-high I'm, I'm sky-high I'm, I'm sky-high I'm, I'm sky-high Sky, sky-high I'm, I'm sky-high Keep it rolling Feels good to be home, baby! Feels good to be home!
Late Registration^Gold Digger^She take my money when I'm in need Yeah she's a trifling friend indeed Oh she's a gold digger way over town That digs on me (She gives me money) Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas (She gives me money) Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl gone head Cutie the bomb Met her at a beauty salon With a baby Louis Vuitton Under her underarm She said I can tell you rock I can tell by your charm Far as girls you got a flock I can tell by your charm and your arm But I'm looking for the one Have you seen her? My psychic told me she have an ass like Serena Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids And I gotta take all they bad ass to show-biz OK get your kids but then they got their friends I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in We all went to Den and then I had to pay If you fucking with this girl then you better be paid You know why? It take too much to touch her From what I heard she got a baby by Busta My best friend says she use to fuck with Usher I don't care what none of y'all say I still love her (She gives me money) Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas (She gives me money) Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl gone head 18 years, 18 years She got one of your kids, got you for 18 years I know somebody paying child support for one of his kids His baby mamma car and crib is bigger than his You will see him on TV any given Sunday Win the Superbowl and drive off in a Hyundai She was supposed to buy your shorty TYCO with your money She went to the doctor got lipo with your money She walking around looking like Michael with your money Should've got that insured got GEICO for your money, money, money If you ain't no punk holla we want prenup WE WANT PRENUP! Yeah It's something that you need to have 'Cause when she leave yo ass she gon' leave with half 18 years, 18 years And on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his (She gives me money) Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas (She gives me money) Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave) Get down girl gone head Now I ain't saying you're a gold digger you got needs You don't want your dude to smoke but he can't buy weed You go out to eat, he can't pay y'all can't leave There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves But why y'all washing watch him He gone make it into a Benz out of that Datsun He got that ambition, baby, look in his eyes This week he mopping floors, next week it's the fries So, stick by his side I know this dude's balling but yeah that's nice And they gone keep calling and trying But you stay right girl And when you get on he leave your ass for a white girl Get down girl go head get down Get down girl go head get down Get down girl go head get down Get down girl go head (lemme hear that back)
Late Registration^Skit #1^I brought you brothers here to start our own fraternity Broke Phi Broke, we ain't got it. Broke Phi Broke (we ain't got it) No, we have no money We are sharin' jeans. If I go outside, I got the only clothing on. How many cars do we own? (None!) How many cars do we own? (None, sir!) Should we let our woman go and be with the cat in the car? Yes, we will. Why? Because we can't afford gas. Say it with me! (We can't afford no gas!) Say it! (We can't afford no gas!) So we ain't drivin'!
Late Registration^Drive Slow^Drive slow homey Drive slow homey Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey My homey Mali used to stay one 79th and May One of my best friends from back in the day Down the street form Calumet a school full of stones He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'd leave me alone Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off Walk around the mall with his radio face off Plus he had the spinner from his Dayton's in his hand Keys in his hand reason again to let you know he's the man Back when we rocked Alesis he had dreams of Caprice's Drove by the teachers even more by police's How he get that cash today his father passed away Left him with a little something 16 he was stunting Al B Sure nigga with the hair all wavy Hit lakeshore girls go all crazy Hit the freeway go at least bout 80 Boned so much that summer even had him a baby See back back then then if you had a car You were the Chi town version of Baby And I was just a virgin a baby One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked We'll take a Saturday and just circle the mall They had the Lincoln's and Aurora's we were hurting them all With the girls a lot of flirting involved But dawg fuck all that flirting I'm trying to get in some draws So put me on with these hoes homey's He told me don't rush to get grown drive slow homey Drive slow homie Drive slow... Ya never know homey about these hoes homey Ya need to pump your breaks and drive slow homey What It do I'm posted up in the parking lot my trunk wavin' The candy gloss is immaculate and is simply amazing Them elbows poking wide on that Candy-lac Trunk open, screen's on, neon's lit with fifth relax I'm on a mission for dime piece's and sexy ladies Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes It's a star-studded event when I valet park Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark You see them 4's crawling, you see them screens falling The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm balling I'm leaning on a switch sitting crooked in my slab But I could still catch boopas if I drove a cab A young Houston hard hitter all about the scrilla Riding some candy coated crawling like a caterpillar I'm tipping on those 4's I'm jamming off this screw I'm looking for them hoes baby what it do? Drive slow homey Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes Drive slow homey If you riding around the city with nowhere to go Drive slow homey Live today cause tomorrow man you never know Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey My cars like the movies my cars like the crib I got more TV's in here then where I live And it don't make no sense but baby I'm the shit And everything I flip you know is something serious I got the custom grill I got the Brabus rims I got the baller genetics baby that's evident You see a player flicking and you ain't convinced That you should go and kiss it just a little bit I wear my custom kicks I got my Jesus chain My canaries is gleaming though my angle wings They see me hoes acting like they seen a king With that mean lean smoking on the finest Cali green My wood grain oak I'm riding on vogues My cylinder quiet like tip toes I sold O's and this I know When you see them hoes little homey drive slow Chopped and Screwed Yeah.. Drive slow homey Drive slow homey Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey Drive slow homey
Late Registration^My Way Home^Yeah I'm on my way home They say home is where the hate is My dome is where fate is I stroll where souls get lost like vegas Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses Pray to god that my arms reach the masses The young smoke grass in grassless jungles Rubberband together in cashless bundles We wear struggling chains Divided only hustle remains Making sense of it we hustle for change Revolution ain't a game It's another name For life fighting Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson Hypes fighting for hits to heighten they hell Don't he know he only get as high as he fell Show money becomes bail Relationships become jail Children are unheld I wish love was for sale Behold the pale Horse got me trapped like r. kel', I bail and it- Might not be such a bad idea if I never, never went home again I'm on my way home I left three days ago But no one seems to know I'm gone Home is where the hatred is Home is filled with pain and it Might not be such a bad idea if I never Never went home again.
Late Registration^Crack Music^That's that crack music nigga That real black music nigga La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la La-la-la-la-la-la That's that crack music nigga That real black music nigga La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la La-la-la-la-la-la How we stop the black panthers? Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer You hear that? What Jill Scott was hearin When our heroes and heroines got hooked on heroin. Crack raised the murder rate in DC and Maryland We invested in that it's like we got Merril-Lynched And we been hangin from the same tree ever since Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine So we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it,sell it The fiends cop it Nowadays they cant tell if that's that good shit We ain't sure man Put the CD on your toungue yeah, thats pure man. That's that crack music nigga That real black music nigga From the place where the fathers gone, The mothers is hardly home And the... Gonna lock us up in "Audy Home" How the Mexicans say we just tryin to party homes They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam Who gave Saddam anthrax? George Bush got the answers Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical, Am and Hammer baking soda Raised they own quota Writin when our soldiers ran for the stove cuz-- Cuz dreams of being 'Hova went from bein a brokeman ta bein a dopeman Ta bein a president look theres hope man This that inspiration for tha mos and tha folks man, Shorty come and see if mama straight overdosin. And this is the soundtrack, This tha type of music you make when you round that-- Crack music nigga, That real black music nigga. That's that crack music nigga That real black music nigga La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la La-la-la-la-la-la God-how could you let this happen, happen, happen, happen, happen, happen? La-la-la That's that crack music, crack music That real black music, black music La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la La-la-la-la-la-la That's that crack music nigga That real black music nigga La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la La-la-la-la-la-la That's that crack music, crack music,that real black music, black music Our father, give us this day our daily bread ...give us these days and take our daily bread, See I done did all this ole bullshit And to attone I throw a little somethin, somethin on the pulpit. We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit And what we gave back was crack music And now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies So our mammas aint got to be they cooks and nannies And we gonna repo everything they ever took from granny Now the former slaves trade hooks for Grammys This dark diction has become America's addiction those who ain't even black use it.
Late Registration^Roses^I know it's past visiting hours But can I please give her these flowers The doctor dont wanna take procedures He claim my heart can't take the anastesia It'll send her body into a seizure The little thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beeping, Hey chick, im at a lost for words What do you say at this time? Remember when I was nine? Tell her everything gone be fine? But i'd be lying, the family crying They want her to live, and she trying I'm argueing like what kind of doctor can we fly in You know the best medicine go to people thats paid, If Magic Johnson got a cure for A.I.D.S. And all the broke muthafuckers past away You tellin me if my grandma was in the N.B.A. Right now she'd be ok? But since she was just a secretary Working for the church For thirty five years Things sposed to stop right here My grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong, Thats where I get my confidence from I asked the nurse "did you do the research?" She ask me, "can you sign some t-shirts?" Bitch is you smokin reefer? You dont see that we hurt But still... ...I smile When roses come to see me And I can't wait for a sunny day (Im seeing it through your eyes) Can't wait for the clouds to break They outside of the emergency room, room You can feel my heart beat, beat, beat If she gone pull through We gone find out soon But right now she sleep, sleep, sleep My mama say, they say she could pass away any day Hey chick what these doctors know anyway Let me see the X-rays I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt Cousin Kim took off for work Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Claire and Aunt Jean So many Aunties, we could have an Auntie team Feel like Amerie "Its this one thing" When they said that she made it You see the eyes gleam I think we at an all time high To get there we run, we fly, we drive Coz with my family we know where home is So instead of sending flowers We the roses... I smile When roses come to see me And I can't wait for a sunny day (Im seeing it through your eyes) Can't wait for the clouds to break Who brings the sunshine? Ohhhhh I smile When roses come to see me And I can't wait for a sunny day (Im seeing it through your eyes) Can't wait for the clouds to breaK
Late Registration^Bring Me Down^I always knew that one day They'd try to bring me down Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down Down, way down We're going to mass today, we have to pray Besides what the pastor say, I have to say Since Pac passed away Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream There'll always be haters, that's the way it is Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids But they're gonna have to take my life 'fore they take my drive 'cause when I was barely living, that's what kept me alive Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind And get some lee way on the he say she say You girl don't like me, how long has she been gay Spanish girls say "No hable inglés" And everybody want to run to me for their single It's funny how these wack niggas need my help Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself Dog, If I was you, I wouldn't feel myself Dog, If I was you, I'd kill myself Made a mill myself, and I'm still myself And I'ma look in the mirror if I need some help Now I'll speak from the heart, you all fronting Everybody feel a way about K but at least you all feel something Why you come here, I bet it only it was forget to get you What kind of dream we found, see I'm often at your cross way forgetting it was that heaven let you. They tried to bring me down I always knew that one day They'd try to bring me down Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down Down, way down I always knew that one day They'd try to bring me down Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down Down, way down I always knew that one day They'd try to bring me down Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down Down, way down I always knew that one day They'd try to bring me down Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down Down, way down I always knew that one day They'd try to bring me down Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down Down, way down
Late Registration^Addiction^Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good? Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could But (You make me smile) What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed? I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm on drugs Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush Time's of the essence, I need, you to be, spontaneous Roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, then I'm co coming over Cuz its ne-never over Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could But (You make me smile) I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blow So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go Then I'll get the lotion, and do something to me, when your thighs is exposed There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed Roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, and I keep co coming over Cuz its ne-never over Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could But... (You Make Me Smile) (You make me smile with my heart) Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could But... (You make me smile, With my heart) I just wanted to ask you Just wanted to um Let how would I put this uhh Let's say all your friends Remember the one You said if you ever she would be the one Ok, Ok, Ok (You make me smile with my heart) I was thinking, hypothetically I mean don't take this seriously Don't take me: I mean just Uhh not credibly I'm feeling incredibly I mean let it be Just let it be I mean you, her and me (You make me smile with my heart) I mean you, her and me Maybe, Baby, Baby You know I was just kidding Unless you gon' do it (You make me smile...)
Late Registration^Skit #2^We broke, broke broke phi broke (We ain't got it) Broke, broke, broke phi broke (We ain't got it) Don't spend no money Ain't got no clothes Ain't got no cars Ain't got no hos We broke, broke, broke phi broke (We ain't got it) Broke, broke, broke phi broke (We ain't got it) Got no money (got no money) We got no clothes (got no clothes) Ain't got no cars (got no cars) Can't get no hos We broke, broke, broke, broke, broke Buncha niggas Broke, broke, broke, broke, broke!
Late Registration^Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Remix)^Diamonds are forever They're all I need to please me They can't stimulate or tease me They won't leave in the night Have no fear that they might Desert me "Diamonds are forever forever forever" Throw ya diamonds in the sky If you feel the vibe "Diamonds are forever forever forever" The ROC is still alive Everytime I rhyme "Forever and ever! " For ever ever? for ever ever? ever ever? Ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? Good Morning, this ain't Vietnam still People lose hands, legs, arms for real Little was known of Sierra Leone And how it connect to the diamonds we own When I speak of Diamonds in this song I ain't talkin bout the ones that be glowin I'm talkin bout Rocafella, my home, my chain These ain't conflict diamonds, is they Jacob? don't lie to me mayne See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin', How? when I know of the blood diamonds Though it's thousands of miles away Sierra Leone connect to what we go through today Over here, it's a drug trade, we die from drugs Over there, they die from what we buy from drugs The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses I thought my Jesus Piece was so harmless 'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless And here's the conflict It's in a black person's soul to rock that gold Spend ya whole life tryna get that ice On a polo rugby it look so nice How could somethin' so wrong make me feel so right, right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike You could still throw ya Rocafella diamond tonight, 'cause "Diamonds are forever forever forever" Throw ya diamonds in the sky If you feel the vibe "Diamonds are forever forever forever" The ROC is still alive Everytime I rhyme "Forever and ever! " For ever ever? for ever ever? ever ever? Ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back (uh) That'll be the same day I give the game back (uh) You know the next question dog 'yo, where Dame at? ' (uh) This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back (whoo!) 'Wassup with you a Jay man, are ya'll okay man? ' Yep! I got it from here 'ye damn! The chain remains, the game is in tact The name is mine, I'll take blame for that The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gon' crack? Pardon me I had to laugh at that How could you falter when you're the rock of Gibraltar I had to get of the boat so I could walk on water This ain't no tall order, this is nothin to me Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week I do this in my sleep, I sold Kilos of coke, (so?) I'm guessin' I can sell CD's I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man Let me handle my buisness, damn! Kanyeez you got me, Freeway and Foxy YG', Teairra Mari, Petey watch me Bleek could be one hit away his whole career As long as I'm alive, he's a millionaire And even if I die, he's in my will somewhere So he can just kick back and chill somewhere, oh yeah He don't even have to write rhymes The Dynasty like my money last three lifetimes Shirley Bassey was in the rear sayin exactly What I was sayin practically me whole career The diamond is forever, I been minin' this forever Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin' Instead we rose from the ashes like a phoenix If you waitin' for the end of the dynasty sign It'll seem like forever is a mighty long time I'm young bitches Goodnight!
Late Registration^We Major^You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up And watch how we roll up, and I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing Towel under the door, we smoke until the day's end Puff-puff, then pass, don't fuck up rotation Hpnotiq for Henny? Now, nigga, that's a chaser Turn nothing to something, now, pimping, that's a savior Best things are green, now, pimpin', get your paper High off the ground, from stair to skyscraper Cool out, thinking we local, c'mon, homie, we major We major? C'mon, homie, we major We major? C'mon, homie, we major We major! C'mon, homie, we major We major! C'mon Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon Better than a chick that say "Yes" too soon Until you have a daughter; that's what I call karma And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon Projects tore up, gang signs is thrown up Niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up Why else you think shorties write rhymes? Just to blow up? Get they first car and then, IRS show up He ain't never had shit, but he had that nine Nigga come through flicking and he had that shine Put two and two together and a little bad weather Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line Asked the reverend, "Was the strip clubs cool? If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school?" That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey I ain't in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up And watch how we roll up, and I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing Towel under the door, we smoke until the day's end Puff puff, then pass, don't fuck up rotation Hpnotiq for Henny? Now, nigga, that's a chaser Turn nothing to something, now, pimping, that's a savior Best things are green, now, pimpin', get your paper High off the ground, from stair to skyscraper Cool out, thinking we local, c'mon, homie, we major We major? C'mon, homie, we major We major? C'mon, homie, we major We major! C'mon, homie, we major We major! C'mon, homie, we major I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write First line—should it be about the hoes or the ice? Four-fours or Black Christ? Both flows'd be nice Rap about big paper or the black man plight At the studio console, asked my man to the right "What this verse sound like? Should I freestyle or write? He said, "Nas, what the fans want is Illmatic, still" Looked at the pad and pencil, and jotted what I feel Been like twelve years since a nigga first signed Now, I'm a free agent, and I'm thinking it's time To build my very own Motown 'Cause rappers be deprived of executive nine-to-fives And it hurts to see these companies be stealing the life And I love to give my blood, sweat and tears to the mic So y'all copped the LPs and y'all fiends got dealt I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony when King got killed I survived the livest niggas around Lasted longer than more than half of you clowns Look, I used to cook before I had the game took Either way, my change came like Sam Cooke Ba-dop-ba-ba (Yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah) Feeling better than I ever felt before today Like better late than never; it's orientation Still, we can make it better, throwing all your cares away Oh, oh, oh, ooh! You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up And watch how we roll up, and (Ba-dop-ba-ba) I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing Towel under the door, we smoke until the day's end Puff-puff, then pass, don't fuck up rotation Hpnotiq for Henny? Now, nigga, that's a chaser (Oh, oh, oh, ooh!) Turn nothing to something, now, pimping, that's a savior (Ba-dop-ba-ba) Best things are green, now, pimpin', get your paper High off the ground, from stair to skyscraper Cool out, thinking we local, c'mon, homie, we major We major? (C'mon, homie, we major) We major? (C'mon, homie, we major) We major (C'mon, homie, we major) We major Oh, oh, oh, ooh! Ba-dop-ba-ba Feeling better than I ever felt before today But better late than never; it's orientation Still, we can make it better, throwing all your cares away Oh, oh, oh, ooh! Can I talk my shit again? Can I talk my shit again? I can't believe I'm back up in this motherfucker I'ma be late, though I gotta figure out what I'm finna wear Yeah The Roc is definitely in the building G.O.O.D. Music's definitely in the building, ugh I gotta say "What's up" to Tony Williams On the vocals! Sings—He sings quite beautifully, don't you agree? Don't you agree? Ugh And Jon Brion on the keys right now And Warryn Campbell on the keys right now So they asked me: "Why you call it Late Registration, 'Ye?" 'Cause we takin these motherfuckers back to school La, la, la, la-la-la-la la If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along La la la la la, la-la-la Ba-dop-bop-ba (Oh) Feeling better than I ever felt before today (If you feeling good) But better late than never; it's orientation (It's orientation) But we can make it better, throwing all your cares away We want you to get used to this Oh, oh, oh, ooh! Ba-dop-bop-ba Ugh, they can't do what we do, baby Uh-uh! They can't do what we do baby Uh-uh! They can't do what we do, baby Yeah Oh, oh, oh, ooh!
Late Registration^Skit #3^This was founded years ago By broke slaves, years ago Who did not have, years ago By broke brothas in the 20s, years ago Who did not have when we could not eat Hmm, remember that? Eating all of our cereal with forks because we wanted to save the milk, do you remember that? Hmm? Do you remember all those Christmases when your mama walked in the room and pretended she was the tree, huh? Remember that?
Late Registration^Hey Mama^(Hey Mama) I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you Let me tell you what I'm about to do (Hey Mama) I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school I appreciate what you allowed for me I just want you to be proud of me (Hey Mama) I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine I'm finna take y'all back to them better times I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind I was three years old when you and I moved to the Chi Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold You fixed me up something that was good for my soul Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl? You work late nights just to keep on the lights Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike And you would give anything in this world Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl And you never put no man over me And I love you for that, mommy, can't you see? Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes 'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry As we knelt on the kitchen floor I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford See you're unbreakable, unmistakable Highly capable, lady that's makin' loot A livin' legend too, just look at what heaven do Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama) (Hey Mama) I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you Let me tell you what I'm about to do (Hey Mama) I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school I appreciate what you allowed for me I just want you to be proud of me (Hey Mama) Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates" My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with But still supported me when I did the opposite Now I feel like it's things I gotta get Things I gotta do, just to prove to you You was getting through, can the choir, please Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me" Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy Come on mommy just dance wit' me, let the whole world see your dancing feet Now when I say Hey, y'all say, Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama) (Hey Mama) I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you Let me tell you what I'm about to do (Hey Mama) I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school I appreciate what you allowed for me I just want you to be proud of me (Hey Mama) I guess it also depends though if my ends low Second, they get up you gon get that Benzo Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama) Tell your job you gotta fake em out Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out To a restaurant, upper echelon I'ma get you a Jag, whatever else you want Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like? Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama) I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you Let me tell you what I'm about to do (Hey Mama) You know I love you so I never let you go Wrote this song just so you know No matter where you go our love is true Mama mama mama mama mama... Mama mama mama mama mama... 
Late Registration^Celebration^Yeah, you know what this is It's a celebration, bitches! Grab a drink, grab a glass After that I grab yo ass Why you actin' all... shy and all? Why is y'all... lyin' for? "I never did this before..." Stop that What, you want some Patron? I got that I mean I promise y'all, you fine and all And your girlfriend, she kinda raw But she not like you No, she not like you Right now I need you to mute all the monologue All that talking is gon' give me a Tylenol You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off But, I just thought you should know We hit the liquor store Got some Cris' and some Mo' And we about to let it floooooow, oh, oh Had some problems before But see we let em go Got an ounce of that 'dro And we about to let it bloooooow, oh, oh Yeah, you know what this is It's a celebration, bitches! Grab a drink, grab a glass After that I grab yo ass See you know my style, I'm very wild And I vow that my child will be well endowed Like his daddy And tell him that your mama had a fattie He looked up at me Said, "Daddy, that's the reason why you had me?" Yep, we was practicing 'Til one day your ass bust through the packaging You know what though? You my favorite accident So go head pop some Cristal for my newborn child 'Cause now y'all know what this is It's a celebration, bitches! Grab a drink, grab a glass After that I grab yo ass But, I just thought you should know We hit the liquor store Got some Cris' and some Mo' And we about to let it floooooow, oh, oh Had some problems before but see we let em go Got an ounce of that 'dro And we about to let it bloooooow, oh Oh, oh! We lookin' for some hoes, hoes! Ow!
Late Registration^Skit #4^Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it) Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it) Broke, broke broke phi broke (we ain't got it) Broke, broke, broke phi- I've called this private meeting today because there is an imposter among us There is an imposter among us This brother right here has been out making beats on the side, yes he has Pretending he's broke walking amongst us This brother has been eating every day, can you believe that? Eating every day Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us I did not want to believe this, but I walked into the brother Kanye's closet and I found new shoes I found new shoes! Kanye, would you like to step forward and explain these new shoes?! I was-you crazy, I wasn't, I didn't, um, I was just um, I was- No, you speak up, brother! I was gon' stick-I'm tryin to stick to my roots and- What? I wanna stick to my roots, and- What?! You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye. Don't you ever come back in 'em. Don't you ever come back smellin' all good, taking showers and shit like that, alright? We don't appreciate that down here at Broke Phi Broke What's next?
Late Registration^Gone^Wished I had told ooh was (the) only one (uh oh!) But it's too late, it's too late he's gone You sweat her and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi You a Big L and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay (Brother Numpsay!) groupies say I'm too choosy Take em to the show and talk all through the movies Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way Gone we striving home Gone I ride on chrome, it's too late Y'all don't want no prob' from me What you rappers could get is a job from me Maybe you could be my intern and in turn I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn Plus he already got three children Arguin' over babysitters like bitch it's yo turn "Damn Ye it'd be stupid to diss you Even your superficial raps is super-official" R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on With TVs in the ride, throw a movie on Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with Doobie Long 'Cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone We striving home, gone I ride on chrome We striving home We striving home, gone (Killa) I ride on chrome Knock knock, who's there? Killa Cam, Killa who? Killa Cam, hustler, grinder, guerilla true Oh my chinchilla blue, blue you ever dealt with a dealer Well here's the deal, ma we going to the dealer woo No concealing, no ceiling I don't need a roof Act up, get out, I don't need you poof Poof be gone, damn tough luck dag Dag niggas still doing puff-puff-pass Pull the truck up fast and I tell 'em Hey back in a touched up Jag shit Y'all niggas wanna get in Cam's cerebellum An old man just gon' tell em too late Then I see how y'all gonna react when I'm gone My last girl want me back then I'm on Fine stay, you got the grind hey Came back, read what the sign say Yes I know you wanna see my demise Yeah you church boy, acting like a thief in disguise Ain’t even my size, see the greed in my eyes Ask Abby, I hustle, brought weed to the Chi, shit And that ain't even a lie, please believe me Gave Weezie a piece of the pie and You can ask George or Regina The whole West Side I explore with the Bimmer now We striving home, I ride on chrome Listen, homeboy, move on That's your best bet, why's that, Cons'? I been pouring out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone And trying to help his Momma with the fact that her child gone And since we used to bubble like a tub full of Calgon Guess it's only right that I should help her from now on But since they got afoul on what could've gone wrong Now they asking Cons, how long has this gone on And maybe all this money might have gone to my head 'Cause they got me thinking money might have gone to the Feds So I had gone to the dread, but he had gone up to bed And when I came the next morning he was gone with my bread And with that being said I had gone on my instincts And gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks But looking back now, I should've gone to the crib And rented Gone With the Wind, 'cause I'da gone in by ten But I had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar And heard a nigga talking shit so I had gone to the car And now the judge is telling me that I had gone too far And now we gone for twenty years doing time behind bars And since I gone to a cell for some petty crimes I guess I gone to the well one too many times, 'cause I'm gone Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out And that make me wanna get my advance out And move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind Kanye step away from the lime Light like when I was on the grind In the 1-9-9-9 Before model chicks was bending over Or dealerships asked me "Benz or Rover?" Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old? Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural Fired a week later, the manager count the churros Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro' How we out in Europe, spending Euros They claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free But if they ever flip sides like Anakin You'll sell everything including the mannequin They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin', stay calm Shorties at the door 'cause they need more Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs They said, "Sorry, Mr. West is gone"
Late Registration^Diamonds From Sierra Leone^Diamonds are forever They won't leave in the night I've no fear that they might Desert me Diamonds are forever (forever, forever) Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever) The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses And I've realized that I've arrived 'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think 'em That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of Damn, is he really that caught up? I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up? I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort Or even a four-track recorder So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche Spoil yourself, that's important If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan" Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because— Diamonds are forever (forever, forever) Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever) The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him Thirty minutes later seein' there's no convincin' him What more could you ask for? The international asshole Who complain about what he is owed? And throw a tantrum like he is three years old You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame When he came in the game, he made his own lane Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down My father been said I need Jesus So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar The preacher said we need leaders Right then my body got still like a paraplegic You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic After debris settles and the dust get swept off Big K pick up where young Hov left off Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up." Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back That'll be the same day I give the game back You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?" This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back "What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?" They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen" R-r-r-r-right here stands a man With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands Diamonds are forever (forever, forever) Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever) The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Diamonds are forever (forever, forever) Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
Late Registration^Late^Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...) Please stop your crying I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that I'm comin' in when I feel like So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that I think I was made for that So I'm comin' in when I feel like So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...) Please stop your crying Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin' Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one They said the best classes go to the fastest, sorry, Mr. West There's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get Not even electives? Not even prerequisites? You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds? Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin' With all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin' Man, this is an insult I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo? Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...) Please stop your crying (Stop your cryin', baby) I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that I'm comin' in when I feel like So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that I think I was made for that So I'm comin' in when I feel like So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...) Please stop your crying You know when you be late you miss all the lights That's right (that's right), that's right (that's right) And when you get back she gon' start up a fight That night (that night), that night Baby, it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close With the freshest hoes, the professors know We about to get real unprofessional Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike? Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like? Hmm, I'll be on time for that I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later? "I'll be there in five minutes," go 'head, ride with it I'm so live with it, look how I did it Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it I know it's late and I took all year but You can stop complainin' 'cause I'm finally here, yeah 'Cause I'll erase away 'Cause I'll erase away 'Cause I'll erase away 'Cause I'll erase away (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Graduation^Good Morning^Uh, good morning. Wake up, Mr. West, Mr. West, Mr. Fresh. Mr. by-his-self-he-so-impressed. I mean, damn, did you even see the test. You got D's motherfucker, D's, Rosie Perez. And yes, barely pass any and every class. Lookin' at every ass. Cheated on every test. I guess this is my dissertation. Homie, this shit is basic. Welcome to graduation. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Good morning Good morning On this day we become legendary Everything we dreamed of. I'm like a fly Malcolm X. Buy any jeans necessary. Detroit wear cleaned up. From the streets of the league. From an eighth to a key. But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets.  From the moments of pain.  Look how far we done came. Haters sayin' ya changed Now ya doin' ya thang. Good morning.  Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Look at the valedictorian scared of the future. While I hop in the Delorean. Scared-to-face-the-world complacent career student. Some people graduate, but we still stupid. They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around. Just peep this, preach us, teach us, Jesus. Okay, look up now, they done stole your streetness. After all of that, you receive this. Good morning. Hustlers, that's if you're still livin'. Get on down. Every time that we hear them. Good morning. Hustlers, that's if you're still livin'. Get on down. Every time that we hear them. Good morning. Hustlers, that's if you're still livin'. Get on down. Every time that we hear them. Good morning. Hustlers, that's if you're still livin'. Get on down. Get on down. Get, get on down. Get on down
Graduation^Champion^Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib.Just a lil' somethin' show you how we live. E'r'body want it but it ain't that serious. Mm hm, that's that ****. So if you gon' do it, do it just like this. (Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?). You don't see just how wild the crowd is?. You don't see just how fly my style is?. I don't see why I need a stylist. When I shop so much I can speak Italian. I don't know I just wanted better for my kids. And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects. But every time I want it, layaway or a deposit. My Dad'll say "when you see clothes close ya eyelids". We was sorta like Will Smith and his son. In the movie I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones. 'Cause every summer he'll get some. Brand new hare-brained scheme to get rich from. And I don't know what he did for dough. But he'd sent me back to school wit' a new wardrobe and hey!. I think he did, when he packed it up and brought it back to the crib. Just a lil' somethin' show you how we live. E'r'thing I wanted man it seemed so serious. Mm hm, that's that ****. So if you gon' do it, do it just like this. (Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?). When it feel like livin's harder than dyin'. For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'. Lauryn Hill say her heart was in Zion. I wish her heart still was in rhymin'. 'Cause who the kids gon' listen to? Huh?. I guess me if it isn't you. Last week I paid a visit to the institute. They got the drop out keepin' kids in the school. I guess I'll clean up my act like Prince'll do. If not for the pleasure, least for the principle. They got the CD then got to see me drop gems. Like I dropped out of P.E.. They used to feel invisible. Now they know they invincible. This is the story of a champion. Rounders in the mob and they pop the guns. Stand up stand up! Here he comes. Tell me what it takes to be number one?. Tell me what it takes to be number one?. This is the story of a champion. Rounders in the mob and they pop the guns. Stand up stand up! Here he comes. Tell me what it takes to be number one?. Tell me what it takes to be number one?. Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib. Just a lil' somethin' show you how we live. E'r'body want it but it ain't that serious. Mm hm, that's that ****. So if you gon' do it, do it just like this. (Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?). 
Graduation^Stronger^Work it, make it, do it, makes us. Harder, better, faster, stronger. N-n-now that that don't kill me. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). Can only make me stronger. (More than ever ever after). I need you to hurry up now. (Our work is never over). 'Cause I can't wait much longer. I know I got to be right now. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). 'Cause I can't get much wronger. (More than ever ever after). Man I've been waitin' all night now. (Our work is never over). That's how long I've been on ya. Work it harder, make it better. Do it faster, makes us stronger. (I need you right now). More than ever ever after. Our work is. (I need you right now). Let's get lost tonight. You could be my black Kate Moss tonight. Play secretary I'm the boss tonight. And you don't give a f*** what they all say, right?. Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior. Damn they don't make 'em like this anymore. I ask 'cause I'm not sure. Do anybody make real **** anymore?. Bow in the presence of greatness. 'Cause right now thou has forsaken us. You should be honored by my lateness. That I would even show up to this fake sh**. So go ahead go nuts, go ape sh**. Specially in my Pastel and my Bape sh**. Act like you can't tell who made this new gospel. Homey take six and take this, haters. N-n-now that that don't kill me. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). Can only make me stronger. (More than ever ever after). I need you to hurry up now. (Our work is never over). 'Cause I can't wait much longer. I know I got to be right now. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). 'Cause I can't get much wronger. (More than ever ever after). Man I've been waitin' all night now. (Our work is never over). That's how long I've been on ya. Work it harder, make it better. Do it faster, makes us stronger. (I need you right now). More than ever ever after. Our work is. (I need you right now). (Me likey). I don't know if you got a man or not. If you made plans or not. If God put me in ya plans or not. I'm trippin', this drink got me sayin' a lot. But I know that God put you in front of me. So how the hell could you front on me?. There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me. I'm trippin' I'm caught up in the moment, right?. 'Cause this is Louis Vuitton dime night. So we gon' do everything that Kan like. Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike. Well I'd do anything for a blonde ****. And she'll do anything for the limelight. And we'll do anything when the time's right. Uh, baby you're makin' it. (Harder, better, faster, stronger). N-n-now that that don't kill me. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). Can only make me stronger. (More than ever ever after). I need you to hurry up now. (Our work is never over). 'Cause I can't wait much longer. I know I got to be right now. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). 'Cause I can't get much wronger. (More than ever ever after). Man I've been waitin' all night now. (Our work is never over). That's how long I've been on ya. Work it harder, make it better. Do it faster, makes us stronger. (I need you right now). More than ever ever after. Our work is. (I need you right now). You know how long I've been on ya?. Since Prince was on Apollonia. Since OJ had isotoners. Don't act like I never told ya. Don't act like I never told ya. Don't act like I never told ya. Don't act like I never told ya. Don't act like I never told ya. Uh, baby you're making it. (Harder, better, faster, stronger). N-n-now that that don't kill me. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). Can only make me stronger. (More than ever ever after). I need you to hurry up now. (Our work is never over). 'Cause I can't wait much longer. I know I got to be right now. (Do it faster, makes us stronger). 'Cause I can't get much wronger. (More than ever ever after). Man I've been waitin' all night now. (Our work is never over). That's how long I've been on ya. Work it harder, make it better. Do it faster, makes us stronger. (I need you right now). More than ever ever after. Our work is. (I need you right now). Work it harder, make it better. Do it faster, makes us stronger. (I need you right now). More than ever ever after. Our work is. (I need you right now). You know how long I've been on ya?. Since Prince was on Apollonia. Since OJ had isotoners. Don't act like I never told ya. You know how long I've been on ya?. Since Prince was on Apollonia. Since OJ had isotoners. Don't act like I never told ya. 
Graduation^I Wonder^Find your dreams come true And I wonder If you know What it means What it means And I wonder If you know What it means What it means And I wonder If you know What it means To find your dreams, and I wonder I've been waiting on this my whole life (And I wonder) These dreams be waking me up at night (And I wonder) You say I think I'm never wrong (And I wonder) You know what? Maybe you're right Aight? And I wonder if you know What it means, what it means And I wonder if you know What it means to find your dreams And I wonder You say he get on your fucking nerves (And I wonder) You hope that he get what he deserves—word! (And I wonder) Do you even remember what the issue is? You just trying to find where the tissue is You can still be who you wish you is It ain't happen yet, and that's what intuition is (And I wonder) When you hop back in the car Drive back to the crib, run back to their arms The smokescreens, the chokes and the screams You ever wonder what it all really means? And I wonder If you know What it means What it means And I wonder If you know What it means To find your dreams, and I wonder And I'm back on my grind A psychic read my lifeline, told me in my lifetime My name would help light up the Chicago skyline And that's why I'm (And I wonder) Seven o'clock, that's primetime Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hotlines Why he keep giving me hot lines? I'm a star—how could I not shine? (And I wonder) How many ladies in the house? (If you know) How many ladies in the house without a spouse? (What it means) Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused (What it means) What you about? (And I wonder) On that independent shit (If you know) Trade it all for a husband and some kids (What it means) You ever wonder what it all really mean? You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams? To find your dreams come true
Graduation^Can't Tell Me Nothing^La, la, la la (Yeah) Wait 'til I get my money right I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace I told God I'd be back in a second Man it's so hard not to act reckless To whom much is given, much is tested Get arrested guess until he get the message I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny And what I do? Act more stupidly Bought more jewelry, more Louis V My mama couldn't get through to me The drama, people suing me I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me I'm just saying how I feel man I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman I guess the money should've changed him I guess I should've forgot where I came from La, la, la la Wait 'til I get my money right La, la, la la Then you can't tell me nothing, right? Excuse me, was you saying something? Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing You can't tell me nothing Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing Let up the suicide doors This is my life, homie, you decide yours I know that Jesus died for us But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways Old folks talking 'bout, "Back in my day" But homie, this is my day Class started 2 hours ago, oh, am I late? No, I already graduated And you can live through anything if Magic made it They say I talk with so much emphasis Ooh, they so sensitive Don't ever fix your lips like collagen And say something when you gon' end up apolog'ing Let me know if it's a problem then, aight, man, holla, then La, la, la la Wait 'til I get my money right La, la, la la Then you can't tell me nothing, right? Excuse me, was you saying something? Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing You can't tell me nothing Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash Let that man get past He don't even stop to get gas If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off of fumes 'cause How he move in a room full of no's? How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes? Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul So when he buried in a tomb full of gold Treasure, what's your pleasure? Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her So if the Devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada I'm in between but way more fresher With way less effort, 'cause when you try hard That's when you die hard Your homies looking like why God When they reminisce over you, my God La, la, la la Wait 'til I get my money right La, la, la la Then you can't tell me nothing, right? Excuse me, was you saying something? Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing You can't tell me nothing Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing La, la, la la Wait 'til I get my money right La, la, la la Then you can't tell me nothing, right? (I'm serious, nigga, I got money)
Graduation^Barry Bonds^It's what you all been waiting for, ain't it? What people pay paper for, damn it They can't stand it, they want something new So let's get reacquainted, became the hood favorite I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too Life of a Don, lights keep glowin' Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum And here's another hit, Barry Bonds We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby! Dude! Fresh off the plane—Konnichiwa, bitches Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot Ask for it, I did it—that asshole done did it Talked it, then he lived it, spit it, then he shit it I don't need writērs, I might bounce ideas But only I could come up with some shit like this I done played the underdog my whole career I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year? They say, "He goin' crazy and we seen this before" But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo Nigga, please, how you gon' say I ain't no Lo-head? 'Cause my Dior got me more model head? I'm insulted, you should go 'head And bow so hard 'til your knees hit your forehead And the flow just hit code red Top five MCs, you ain't gotta remind me Top five MCs, you gotta rewind me I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me But my head's so big, you can't sit behind me Life of a Don, lights keep glowin' Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum And here's another hit, Barry Bonds Yeah, yeah, we outta here, baby! What? What? We outta here, baby! Ayy, Mr. West, we so outta here, baby! And me? I'm Mr. Weezy Baby, yeah! I'm so bright, not shady My teeth and my ice so white like Shady Ice in my teeth so refrigerated I'm so fuckin' good like I'm sleepin' with Meagan (Ha!) I'm all about my Franklins, Lincolns, and Reagans Whenever they make them, I shall hayve them Oops, I meant "have them"—I'm so crazy But if you play crazy, you be sleeping with daisies I'm such a hayvoc—oops, I meant "havoc" And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit And I'm still col' like Keyshia's family Stove on my waist turn beef to patties (Bow!) And I ate it 'cause I'm so avid (No homo) And I don't front and I don't go backwards And I don't practice, and I don't lack shit And you can get buried—suck my bat, bitch (ha!) We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby! Swag at a hundred and climbin', baby, yeah! Life of a Don, lights keep glowin' Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum And here's another hit, Barry Bonds
Graduation^Drunk and Hot Girls^La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da Blap! We go through too much bullshit Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls We go through too much bullshit Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls We go Through too Much shit To mess Mess with These drunk All of these drunk and hot girls Driving around town looking for the best spot For the drunk and hot girls Up in the club look at here what we got Some drunk and hot girls Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me Stop running up my tab 'cause these drinks is not free You drunk and hot girl We go through too much bullshit Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls We go through too much bullshit Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls We go Through too Much shit To mess Mess with These drunk All of these drunk and hot girls I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you You drunk and hot girl You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru You drunk and hot girl Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that You drunk and hot girl We go through too much bullshit Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls We go through too much bullshit Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls We go Through too Much shit To mess Mess with These drunk All of these drunk and hot girls Love the dangerous necessity that people seek Without regard to where they are The human heart is curious Above all things, love, the lights are low, your eyes are bright The music plays, it's sweet delight It's out of sight, I'm feeling right Your dress is tight Oh howwwwww, I want you right now Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal You drunk and hot girl "Ah da da da da," That's how the fuck you sound You drunk and hot girl, yeah You only live once, do whatever you like I thought I'd be with you for only one night Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life That drunk and hot girl We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls (A little sippy sippy) We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls (Did she say she want a brewski?) We go Through too Much shit To mess Mess with These drunk All of these drunk and hot girls
Graduation^Flashing Lights^Flashing lights (lights, lights) Flashing lights (lights, lights) Flashing lights (lights, lights) Flashing lights (lights, lights) She don't believe in shootin' stars But she believe in shoes and cars Wood floors in the new apartment Couture from the store's departments You more like "love to start shit" I'm more of the trips to Florida Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water Straight from a page of your favorite author And the weather so breezy Man, why can't life always be this easy? She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?" And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte 'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi Damn, these niggas got me I hate these niggas more than the Nazis As I recall, I know you love to show off But I never thought that you would take it this far What do I know? Flashing lights (lights, lights) What do I know? Know Flashing lights (lights, lights) I know it's been a while, sweetheart We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang I know I was foul, baby Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain And if somebody woulda told me a month ago Frontin', though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know If somebody woulda told me a year ago It'll go get this difficult Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA Like Martin with no Gina Like a flight with no Visa First class with the seat back, I still see ya In my past, you on the other side of the glass Of my memory's museum I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar As I recall, I know you love to show off But I never thought that you would take it this far What do I know? Flashing lights (lights, lights) What do I know? Know Flashing lights (lights, lights) As you recall, you know I love to show off But you never thought that I would take it this far What do you know? Flashing lights, lights, lights What do you know? Know Flashing lights (lights, lights) Flashing lights (lights, lights, lights, lights…)
Graduation^Everything I Am^Damn, here we go again Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam Now everything I'm not made me everything I am Damn, here we go again People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan Everything I'm not made me everything I am I'll never be picture-perfect Beyoncé Be light as Al B or black as Chauncey Remember him from Blackstreet? He was black as the street was I'll never be laid back as this beat was I never could see why people'll reach a Fake-ass facade that they couldn't keep up You see how I creeped up? You see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah? I'll never rock a mink coat in the winter time like Killa Cam Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like will.i.am Let me know if you feel it, man 'Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am Damn, here we go again Everybody saying what's not for him But everything I'm not made me everything I am Damn, here we go again People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan Everything I'm not made me everything I am And I'm back to tear it up Haters start your engines, I hear 'em gearing up People talk so much shit about me at barbershops They forget to get their hair cut Okay, fair enough, the streets is flaring up 'Cause they want gun talk, or I don't wear enough Baggy clothes, Reeboks, or A-di-dos Can I add that he do spaz out at his shows So say goodbye to the NAACP Award Goodbye to the India Arie Award They'd rather give me the N-nigga Please Award But I'll just take the I Got a Lot of Cheese Award Damn, here we go again Bum-tu-bum-bum-bum But everything I'm not made me everything I am Damn, here we go again People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan Everything I'm not made me everything I am I know people wouldn't usually rap this But I got the facts to back this Just last year, Chicago had over 600 caskets Man, killing's some wack shit Oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin' Do you know what it feel like when people is passin'? He got changed over his chains a block off Ashland I need to talk to somebody, pastor The church want tithe, so I can't afford to pay Pink slip on my door, 'cause I can't afford to stay My fifteen seconds up, but I got more to say That's enough Mr. West, please, no more today Damn, here we go again Everybody saying what's not for him But everything I'm not made me everything I am Damn, here we go again People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Graduation^The Glory^In my soul Gonna take you to the glory Goal, in my mind I can't study war, yeah my I can't study war, yeah my I can't study war, yeah my I can't study war, yeah my Now where the South Side I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my Now where the West Side I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my Can I talk my shit again? Even if I don't hit again? Dog, are you fucking kidding? My hat, my shoes, my coat Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatella Versace That's Louis Vuitton, bitch I think Hennessy, I drink, I'm gone Off that Bacardi Limon and Corona. I'm zonin' Class back in session so I upped it a grade In two years Dwayne Wayne became Dwyane Wade And hey, please don't start me I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley I'm pop the Barkers, I'm hood the Parkers While y'all was in limbo I raised the bar up I touched on everything Married to the game, rock a chain 'steada wedding ring Y'all bridesmaids catch the garter On nights when 'Ye romance Cameras flash so much That I gotta do that Yayo dance I'm on a world tour with Common, my man After each and every show a couple dykes in the van It's easy The hood love to listen to Jeezy and Weezy And, oh yeah, Yeezy I did it for the glory Yeah my I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my The glory I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my I did it for the glory I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my The glory I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my What am I supposed to do now? Man the game all messed up How I'm suppose to stand out when everybody get dressed up? So yeah, at the Grammys I went ultra Travolta Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little guido But with my ego I can stand there in a Speedo And be looked at like a fucking hero The glory, the story, the chain, the polo, the night The grind, the empty bottles of No-Doz Tank on empty, whipping my mamma's Volvo I spent that gas money on clothes with logos The fur is Hermes, shit that you don't floss The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss Why I gotta ask what that TUDOR cost? House on the hill Two doors from Tracey Ross And I'm asking about her girlfriends Yeah, the dark skin'ed ones She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em When you meet me in person what do you feel like? I know, I know I look better in real life I hear people compare themselves to big a lot You know B.I.G. and Pac, you know to get it hot I guess after I live I wanna be compared to B.I.G Any one: Big Pun, Big L or Notorious 'Till then, get money and stunt and stay glorious And I'm gonna stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit Yeah I'mma stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit These haters be killing themselves they wanna come and get the glory Yeah my I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my The glory I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my Now where the South Side I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my Now where the West Side I can't study no, yeah my I can't study no, yeah my I can't study war, yeah my I can't study war, yeah my I can't study war, yeah my I can't study war, yeah my
Graduation^Homecoming^Yeah And you say Chi city! Chi city! Chi city! I'm comin' home again Do you think about me now and then? (Yeah) Do you think about me now and then? 'Cause I'm comin' home again (Ow!) -Min' home again I met this girl when I was three years old And what I loved most, she had so much soul She said, "Excuse me, little homie, I know you don't know me But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees." And from that point, I never blow her off Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off They like to act tough, she like to toe 'em off And make 'em straighten up their hat 'cause she know they soft And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown In the nighttime, her face lit up, so astoundin' I told her in my heart is where she'll always be She never messed with entertainers 'cause they always leave She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me." Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me She said, "'Ye, keep makin' that, keep makin' that platinum and gold for me!" I'm comin' home again Do you think about me now and then? Do you think about me now and then? 'Cause I'm comin' home again -Min' home again Do you think about me now and then? Do you think about me now and then? Oh! Now I'm comin' home again Maybe we can start again But if you really cared for her Then you wouldn't've never hit the airport to follow your dreams Sometimes I still talk to her But when I talk to her, it always seems like she talkin' 'bout me She said, "You left your kids, and they just like you They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you But they just not you," and I just got through Talkin' 'bout what niggas tryin' to do: just not new Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home And guess when I heard that? When I was back home Every interview, I'm representin' you, makin' you proud Reach for the stars, so if you fall, you land on a cloud Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around If you don't know by now, I'm talkin' 'bout Chi-Town I'm comin' home again Do you think about me now and then? Do you think about me now and then? 'Cause I'm comin' home again -Min' home again Baby, do you remember when Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh! Now I'm comin' home again -Min' home again Baby, do you remember when Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh! Now I'm comin' home again Maybe we can start again Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al Comin' home again Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al Comin' home again Maybe we can start again
Graduation^Big Brother^Stadium status My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga" Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by Back of my mind, "He could change your life With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig" But he got me out my momma crib Then he help me get my momma a crib Big brother was B.I.G.'s brother Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin Let the story begin If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands? Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine 'round the same time of that Blueprint 1 And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him I'd play my little songs in that old back room He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?" But by The Black Album, I was blacking out Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd Big brother got his show up at Madison Square And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but Not only did I not get a chance to spit it Carline told me I could buy two tickets I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different And kept little brother at bay, at a distance But everything that I felt was more bogus Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over I guess I'll understand when I get more older Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin Let the story begin If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands? Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant? Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw I was always on the other side of the peephole Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple And we know, "New Jack City"—got to keep my brother But to be number one I'ma beat my brother On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass Sibling rivalry, only I could see It was the pride in me that was drivin' me At the Grammys I said, "I inspired me" But my big brother who I always tried to be When I kicked a flow it was like pick-and-roll Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk And my shit was more like a finger roll But I had them singles though And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay Back in my mind I'm like, "Damn, no way" Translate, español: "No way, José" Then I went and told Jay Brown Shoulda known that was gonna come back around Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother So here's a few words from ya kid brother If you admire somebody you should go on 'head tell 'em People never get the flowers while they can still smell 'em A idol in my eyes, god of the game Heart of the City, Roc-a-Fella chain Never be the same, never be another Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend No I.D., my mentor, and that's where the story ends Toomp killed this shit
Graduation^Good Night^I'm not sure anymore, more Who is knocking at my door, door All the faces that I know Ja make them so sunny and true I don't wanna say goodbye, to you So I'll just say good night, to you My people, no goodbyes to you I'm just gon' say good night Uh Good night Right now I can see it so vivid Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it Me and my grandparents on a field trip And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'? What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'? What do it mean when you never dream at all then And you don't really know 'cause you can't recall them? It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to People you never got a chance to say bye to Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams Into real life (real life), if you try to So close (so close), but so far (but so far) And so far (and so far), no cigar (no cigar) We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes I don't wanna say goodbye, to you So I'll just say good night, to you My people, no goodbyes to you I'm just gon' say good night Uh, to you If I part, my art will live through you Dream beautiful and unusual Wake up like every day new to you Stay true to you, a hood musical My art will live through you Dream beautiful and unusual Wake up like every day new to you Stay true to you, a hood musical I don't wanna say goodbye, to you So I'll just say good night, to you My people, no goodbyes to you I'm just gon' say good night I'm not sure anymore, more Who is knocking at my door, door All the faces that I know Ja make them so sunny and true I'm not sure anymore, more Who is knocking at my door, door All the faces that I know Ja make them so sunny and true I'm not sure anymore, more Who is knocking at my door, door All the faces that I know Ja make them so sunny and true I'm not sure anymore, more Who is knocking at my door, door All the faces that I know Ja make them so sunny and true
Graduation^Bittersweet^Bittersweet You're gonna be the death of me I don't want you, but I need you I love you and hate you at the very same time Bittersweet See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad Never did this before, that's what the virgin says We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says God, talk to me now, this is an emergency And she claims she only with me for the currency You cut me deep, bitch, cut me like surgery And I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me I'd never do that to you, at least purposely We breaking up again, we making up again But we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then Have you ever felt you ever want to kill her? And you mix them emotions with tequila And you mix that with a little bad advice On one of them bad nights, y'all have a bad fight And you talk about her family, her aunts and shit And she say, "Motherfucker, your momma's a bitch" You know, domestic drama and shit, all the attitude I'd never hit a girl, but I'll shake the shit out of you But I'mma be the bigger man, big pimpin' like Jigga man Oh, I guess I figure it's Bittersweet You're gonna be the death of me I don't want you, but I need you I love you, hate you at the very same time Bittersweet See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad Never did this before, that's what the virgin says We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says God, talk to me now, this is an emergency And my niggas said I shouldn't let it worry me I need to focus on the girls we getting currently But I been thinking and it got me back to sinking And this relationship, it even got me back to drinking Now this Hennessy, uh, it's gonna be the death of me And I always thought that you having my child was our destiny But I can't even vibe with you sexually 'Cause every time that I'd try, you would question me Saying, "You fucking them girls, disrespecting me You don't see how your lies is affecting me? You don't see how our life was supposed to be? And I never let a nigga get that close to me And you ain't cracked up to what you were supposed to be You always gone, you always be where them hoes will be" And this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me Bittersweet (I fucked up and I know it, G) You're gonna be the death of me (I guess it's bittersweet poetry) I don't want you, but I need you I love you and hate you at the very same time Bittersweet You're gonna be the death of me I don't want you, but I need you I love you and hate you at the very same time See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad Never did this before, that's what the virgin says We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says God, talk to me now, this is an emergency See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad Never did this before, that's what the virgin says We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says God, talk to me now, this is an emergency Bittersweet You're gonna be the death of me I don't want you, but I need you I love you and hate you at the very same time (Bittersweet You're gonna be the death of me I don't want you ...very same time)
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^Dark Fantasy^You might think you've peeped the scene You haven't, the real one's far too mean The watered down one, the one you know Was made up centuries ago They made it sound all wack and corny Yes, it's awful, blasted boring Twisted fictions, sick addiction Well, gather 'round, children, zip it, listen Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago That's me, the first year that I blow How you say broke in Spanish? Me, no hablo Me drown sorrow in that Diablo Me found bravery in my bravado DJs need to listen to the models "You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?" Stupid, but what the hell do I know? I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow Can we get much higher? Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Look like a fat booty Céline Dion Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher Tell me, how do you respond to students? And refresh the page and restart the memory? Respark the soul and rebuild the energy? We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies Sorry for the night demons still visit me The plan was to drink until the pain over But what's worse, the pain or the hangover? Fresh air, rollin' down the window Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low Don't make me pull the toys out, huh Don't make me pull the toys And fire up the engines, huh And then they make noise Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh At the mall, there was a séance Just kids, no parents Then the sky filled with herons (I saw the devil) in a Chrysler LeBaron And the hell, it wouldn't spare us And the fires did declare us But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress And woke up back in Paris Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Can we get much higher? So high Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^Gorgeous^Ain't no question, if I want it, I need it I can feel it slowly drifting away from me I'm on the edge, so why you playin'? I'm sayin' I will never ever let you live this down, down, down Not for nothin' I've foreseen it, I dream it I can feel it slowly driftin' away from me No more chances, if you blow this, you bogus I will never ever let you live this down, down, down Penitentiary chances, the devil dances And eventually answers to the call of Autumn All of them fallin' for the love of ballin' Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin Inter-century anthems based off inner-city tantrums Based off the way we was branded Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon And at the airport they check all through my bag And tell me that it's random But we stay winnin', this week has been a bad massage I need a happy endin' and a new beginnin' And a new fitted, and some job opportunities that's lucrative This the real world, homie, school finished They done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS I won't be satisfied 'til all my niggas get it, get it? Ain't no question, if I want it, I need it I can feel it slowly driftin' away from me I'm on the edge, so why you playin'? I'm sayin' I will never ever let you live this down, down, down Is hip hop just a euphemism for a new religion? The soul music of the slaves that the youth is missin' But this is more than just my road to redemption Malcolm West had the whole nation standin' at attention As long as I'm in Polo smilin', they think they got me But they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me If a nigga ain't shootin' a jump shot, runnin' a track meet But this pimp is, at the top of Mount Olympus Ready for the World's Game, this is my Olympics We make 'em say hoe 'cause the game is so pimpish Choke a South Park writer with a fishstick I insisted to get up off this dick And these drugs, niggas can't resist it Remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted If I ever wasn't the greatest nigga, I must have missed it Ain't no question, if I want it, I need it I can feel it slowly driftin' away from me I'm on the edge, so why you playin'? I'm sayin' I will never ever let you live this down, down, down I need more drinks and less lights And that American Apparel girl in just tights She told the director she tryna get in a school He said, "Take them glasses off and get in the pool" It's been a while since I watched the tube 'Cause like a Crip set, I got way too many blues for any more bad news I was lookin' at my resume, feelin' real fresh today They rewrite history, I don't believe in yesterday And what's a black Beatle anyway, a fuckin' roach? I guess that's why they got me sittin' in fuckin' coach My guy said I need a different approach 'Cause people is lookin' at me like I'm sniffin' coke It's not funny anymore, try different jokes Tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, x and o And kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it Play strings for the dramatic endin' of that wack shit Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes I ain't got it I'm comin' after whoever who has it I'm comin' after whoever, who has it? You blowin' up, that's good, fantastic That y'all, it's like that y'all I don't really give a fuck about it at all 'Cause the same people that tried to black ball me Forgot about two things, my black balls Ain't no question, if I want it, I need it I can feel it slowly driftin' away from me I'm on the edge, so why you playin'? I'm sayin' I will never ever let you live this down, down, down Ayo, I done copped Timb's, lived in lenses, kid Armani suits, fresh fruits, Bally boots and Benzes Countin' up, smokin', one cuff Live as a red Jag, a Louis bag, grabbin' a blunt, fuck it Steam about a hundred and one L's Kites off to jails, buyin' sweats, runnin' up in Stetson Nigga hat game was special It matched every black pair of Nikes, throwing dice for decimals The older head, bolder head, would train a soldier head Make sure he right in the field, not a soldier dead That meant code red, bent off the black skunk The black dutch, back of the old shed If you can't live, you dyin', you give or buy in Keep it real or keep it movin', keep grindin' Keep shinin', to every young man, this is a plan Learn from others like your brothers Rae and Kanye Not for nothin' I've forseen it, I dream it I can feel it slowly driftin' away from me No more chances, if you blow this, you bogus I will never ever let you live this down, down, down
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^POWER^I'm living in that 21st century Doing something mean to it Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it I guess every superhero need his theme music No one man should have all that power The clock's ticking, I just count the hours Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power (21st-century schizoid man) The system broken, and the school's closed, the prisons open We ain't got nothin' to lose, ma'fucka, we rollin' Huh? Ma'fucka, we rollin' With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands In this white man's world, we the ones chosen So goodnight, cruel world, I'll see you in the mornin' Huh? I'll see you in the mornin' This is way too much, I need a moment No one man should have all that power The clock's ticking, I just count the hours Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power 'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours And they say, and they say And they say, and they say And they say, and they say (21st-century schizoid man) Fuck SNL and the whole cast Tell 'em Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass More specifically, they can kiss my asshole I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes You short-minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in Now I embody every characteristic of the egotistic He knows he so fuckin' gifted I just needed time alone, with my own thoughts Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault My childlike creativity, purity and honesty Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts Reality is catching up with me Taking my inner child, I'm fighting for custody With these responsibilities that they entrusted me As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece Thinkin', no one man should have all that power The clock's ticking, I just count the hours Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the powder 'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours And they say, and they say And they say, and they say And they say, and they say (21st-century schizoid man) Colin Powells, Austin Powers Lost in translation with a whole fuckin' nation They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation Well that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation At the end of the day, goddammit, I'm killin' this shit I know damn well y'all feeling this shit I don't need your pussy, bitch, I'm on my own dick I ain't gotta power trip, who you goin' home with? How 'Ye doing? I'm surviving I was drinking earlier, now I'm driving Where the bad bitches, huh? Where y'all hiding? I got the power make your life so exciting Now this will be a beautiful death I'm jumping out the window I'm letting everything go I'm letting everything go Mmm, now this will be a beautiful death I'm jumping out the window I'm letting everything go I'm letting everything go Now this will be a beautiful death Jumping out the window Letting everything go Letting everything go You got the power to let power go? (21st-century schizoid man)
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^All Of The Lights (Interlude)^
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^All Of The Lights^All of the lights (all of the lights) (Lights, lights) all of the lights Turn up the lights in here baby Extra bright, I want y'all to see this Turn up the lights in here, baby You know what I need Want you to see everything Want you to see all of the lights Fast cars, shooting stars (All of the lights, all of the lights) Until it's Vegas everywhere we are (All of the lights) If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life Something wrong I hold my head M.j. Gone, our nigga dead! I slapped my girl, she called the feds I did that time and spent that bread I'm heading home, I'm almost there I'm on my way, headed up the stairs To my surprise, a nigga replacing me I had to take 'em to that ghetto university (all of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights) Fast life, drug life Thug life, rock life Every night (all of the lights) Turn up the lights in here, baby Extra bright, I want y'all to see this Turn up the lights in here, baby You know what I need, want you to see everything Want you to see all of the lights Restraining order Can't see my daughter Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order Public visitation We met at Borders Told her she take me back I'll be more supportive I made mistakes I bumped my head Courts suck me dry I spent that bread She need her daddy Baby please, Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university (all of the lights) Cop lights, flash lights, spot lights Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights) Fast life, drug life Thug life, rock life Every night (all of the lights) Turn up the lights in here, baby Extra bright, I want y'all to see this Turn up the lights in here, baby You know what I need, want you to see everything Want you to see all of the lights Getting mine, baby Gotta let these niggas know, yeah Get right, ay You should go and get your own Getting mine, baby Gotta let these niggas know, yeah Get right, ay You should go and get your own Unemployment line, credit card declined Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind? (My mind, my mind, my mind) And also was about to do that line (line, line, line) Okay, okay, you know we going all the way this time (time) We going all the way this time (time) We going all the way this time We going all the way this time We going all the way this time Turn up the lights in here, baby Extra bright, I want y'all to see this Turn up the lights in here, baby You know what I need, want you to see everything Want you to see all of the lights Whoa, whoa, oh I tried to tell you but all I could say is oh Whoa, whoa, oh I tried to tell you but all I could say is oh Whoa, whoa, oh I tried to tell you but all I could say is oh Whoa, whoa, oh I tried to tell you but all I could say
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^Monster^I shoot the lights out Hide 'til it's bright out Oh, just another lonely night Are you willing to sacrifice your life? Ahh! Bitch, I'm a monster no-good blood sucker Fat motherfucker, now look who's in trouble As you run through my jungles, all you hear is rumbles Kanye Wests sample, here's one for example Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it Everybody know (I'm a motherfuckin' monster) I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert Profit, profit, nigga, I got it Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands Uh, the best livin' or dead hands down, huh Less talk, more head right now, huh And my eyes more red than the devil is And I'm 'bout to take it to another level, bitch Matter who you go and get, ain't nobody cold as this Do the rap and the track, triple-double, no assists And my only focus is stayin' on some bogus shit Arguin' with my older bitch, actin' like I owe her shit I heard the beat, the same raps that give the track pain Bought the chain that always give me back pain Fuckin' up my money so, yeah, I had to act sane Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent She came up to me and said, "This the number to dial" If you wanna make it number one, you're number two now Mix that Goose and Malibu, I call it "Malibooyauh" Goddamn, Yeezy always hit 'em with a new style Know that motherfucker, well, what you gon' do now? Whatever ever I wanna do, gosh, it's cool now Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out 'Cause you will never get on top off this So, mami, best advice is just to get on top of this Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh? Ah, put the pussy in a sarcophagus Now she claimin' that I bruised her esophagus Head of the class and she just won a swallowship I'm livin' in the future so the present is my past My presence is a present, kiss my ass Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert Profit, profit, nigga, I got it Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Lochness Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience Question, what do these things all have in common? Everybody knows I'm a motherfuckin' monster Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense Nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen I still here fiends scream in my dreams Murder, murder in black convertibles I kill a block I murder avenues, ah Rape and pillage a village, women and children Everybody wanna know what my Achilles heel is Love, I don't get enough of it All I get is these vampires and blood suckers All I see is these niggas I made millionaires Millin' about, spillin' they feelings in the air All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs Tryna draw blood from my ice-cold veins I smell a massacre Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert Profit, profit, nigga, I got it Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands Pull up in the monster, automobile gangsta With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka Yeah, I'm in that Tonka, color of Willy Wonka You could be the king but watch the Queen conquer Okay, first things first I'll eat your brains Then I'ma start rockin' gold teeth and fangs 'Cause that's what a motherfuckin' monster do Hairdresser from Milan, that's the monster 'do Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe Young money is the roster and the monster crew And I'm all up, all up, all up in the bank with the funny face And if I'm fake, I ain't notice 'cause my money ain't So let me get this straight, wait, I'm the rookie? But my features and my shows ten times your pay? Fifty K for a verse, no album out Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbies gotta climb it Hotter than a Middle Eastern climate, violent Tony Matterhorn, dutty wine it, wine it Nicki on them titties when I sign it That's how these niggas so one-track minded But really, really I don't give a F-U-C-K "Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki 'cause sh-she's fake" "She on a diet, " but my pockets eatin' cheesecake And I'll say bride of Chucky is child's play Just killed another career it's a mild day Besides, Ye, they can't stand besides me I think me, you and Amb' should ménage Friday Pink wig, thick ass, give 'em whip lash I think big, get cash, make 'em blink fast Now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for Ah, I'm a motherfuckin' monster! I, I crossed the limelight And I'll, I'll let God decide-cide And I, I wouldn't last these shows So I, I am headed home (headed home) I, I crossed the limelight And I'll, I'll let God decide-cide And I, I wouldn't last these shows So I, I am headed home (headed home) I, I crossed the limelight (no, the limelight) And I'll, I'll let God decide-cide And I, I wouldn't last these shows So I, I am headed home (headed home)
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^So Appalled^One hand in the air if you don't really care Two hands in the air if you don't really care It's like that sometimes I mean ridiculous It's like that sometimes this shit ridiculous One hand in the air if you don't really care Middle finger in the air if you don't really care It's like that sometimes, man ridiculous Life can be sometimes ridiculous I'm so appalled, Spalding ball Balding, Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all Baby you're fired, your girlfriend hired And if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call We above the law, we don't give a fuck 'bout y'all I got dogs that chew a fuckin' hole through the wall But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers Housekeeping, I mean got damn one time Let it be a bad bitch sweeping That know we get O's like Cheerios That know because they seen us in the videos That know, the day that you play me Will be the same day MTV played videos That was a little joke, voila! Praises due to the most high, Allah Praises due to the most fly, Prada Baby I'm magic, ta da! Address me as your highness High as United, 30, 000 feet up and you are not invited Niggas be writin' bullshit like they gotta work Niggas is going through real shit, man they outta work That's why another got damn dance track, gotta hurt That's why I rather spit something that gotta perk Champagne wishes, 30 white bitches I mean this shit is, fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is Fucking ridiculous Five star dishes, different exotic fishes Man this shit is, fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous How should I begin this, I'm just so offended How am I even mentioned by all these fucking beginners? I'm so appalled, I might buy the mall Just to show niggas how much more I have installed I'm fresher than you all, so I don't have to pause All of y'all can suck my balls through my drawers Dark knight feeling, die or be a hero Or live long enough to see yourself become a villain I went from the favorite to the most hated Or would you rather be underpaid or overrated? Moral victories is for minor league coaches And 'Ye already told you, "We Major" you cockroaches Show me where the boats is, Ferrari testarossa's The Hammer went broke so you know I'm more focused I lost 30 mill so I spent another 30 'Cause unlike Hammer 30 million can't hurt me Fucking insane, the fuck am I sayin'? Not only am I fly, I'm fucking not playing All these little bitches too big for their britches Burning their little bridges, fucking ridiculous Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous Five star dishes, different exotic fishes Man this shit is, fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous Success is what you make it, take it how it come A half a mill in 20's like a billion where I'm from An arrogant drug dealer the legend I've become CNN said I'd be dead by 21 Blackjack I just pulled in aces You looking at the king in his face Everything I dream motherfuckers I'm watching it take shape While to you I'm just a young rich nigga that lacks faith Range Rove leather roof, love war fuck a truce Still move a bird like I'm in bed with mother goose Them hoes coming in a bakers dozen Claiming they was with me when they know they really wasn't I keep the city's best, never said she was the brightest So if you had her too, it don't affect me in the slightest I never met a bitch that didn't need a little guidance So I dismiss her past until she disappoints your highness I speak the gospel, hostile Tony doing time for what he did to nostrils Paranoid mind, I'm still under the watchful Eye of the law, aspire for more Them kilo's came, we gave you Bobby Brown jaw Flaws ain't flaws when it's you that makes the call Flow similar to the legend of the falls Spillin', I own you all, yeah One hand in the air if you don't really care Two hands in the air if you don't really care It's like that sometimes I mean ridiculous It's like that sometimes this shit ridiculous One hand in the air if you don't really care Middle finger in the air if you don't really care It's like that sometimes, man ridiculous Life can be sometimes ridiculous I am so outrageous I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet If God had an iPod, I'd be on his playlist My phrases amazes the faces in places The favorite, huh, my cup over runneth with hundreds Dummy, dammit, not like for me to waste it The new commandment, thou shall not hate kid My movement is like the civil rights, I'm Ralph David Abernathy, so call my lady Rosa Parks I am nothing like them niggas baby those are marks I met this girl on Valentine's Day, fucked her in May She found out about April so she chose to March Damn another broken heart I keep bitches by the twos nigga, Noah's Ark I got a seven on me, I call my dro the mark Plus a trojan in my pocket, Matt Leinart G-A-T in the Pathfinder 'Cause you haters got PhDs Y'all just some major haters and some math minors Tiger Woods, don't make me grab iron Ay yo champagne wishes and 30 white bitches You know this shit is fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous You know this shit is fucking ridiculous Cars for the missus and furs for the mistress You know this shit is fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous You know this shit is fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous Fucking ridiculous One hand in the air if you don't really care Two hands in the air if you don't really care It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous One hand in the air if you don't really care Middle finger in the air if you don't really care It's like that sometimes, man ridiculous Life can be sometimes ridiculous
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^Devil In A New Dress^I love it though I love it though, y'know? Uh put your hands to the constellations They way you look should be a sin, you my sensation I know I'm preaching to the congregation We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation May the Lord forgive us May the God's be with us And that magic hour I seen good Christians Make brash decisions Oh she do it What happened to Religion? Oh she lose it She putting on her make up She casually allure Text message break up, the casualty of tour How she gone wake up and not love me no more? I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbing off Hood phenomenon, the Lebron of rhyme Hard to be humble when you stuntin' on a jumbotron I'm looking at her like, "This what you really wantedt, huh?" What we argue anyway, oh I forgot its summertime Put your hands to the constellations They way you look should be a sin, you my sensation I know I'm preaching to the congregation We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation When the sun go down its the magic hour The magic hour And outta all the colors that are still up the skies You got green on your mind I can see it in your eyes Why you standing there with your face screwed up? Don't leave while your hot that's how Mase screwed up Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up Maybe I should call Mase so that he could pray for us I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat I ordered the jerk, she said, "You are what you eat" You see I always loved your sense of humor But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was The Lyor Cohen or Dior Homme that's Dior Homme not Dior homie The crib Scarface couldn't be more Tony You love me for me could you be more phony Put your hands to the constellations They way you look should be a sin, you my sensation Haven't said a word, haven't said a word to me this evening Cat got your tongue? Lookin' at my bitch I bet she give your ass a bone Lookin' at my wrist it'll turn your ass to stone Stretch limousine, sippin' Rose all along Double-headed monster with a mind of his own Cherry red chariot, excess is just my character All black tux, nigga shoes lavender I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders Had cyphers with Yeezy before his mouth wired Before his jaw shattered climbin' up the Lord's ladder We still speedin' runnin' signs like they don't matter Uh, hater talkin' never made me mad Never that when I'm in my favorite papertag Therefore G4's at the Clearport When it come to tools fool I'm a Pep Boy When it came to dope I was quick to export Never tired of ballin' so it's on to the next sport New Mercedes Sedan, the Lex' sport So many cars D.M.V. though it was mail fraud Different traps, I was gettin' mail from Polk County, Jacksonville, rep Melbourne Whole clique's appetite had tapeworms Spinnin' Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my jay burns I shed a tear before the nights over God bless the man I put this ice over, uh Gettin' 2Pac money twice over Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice roller I'm makin' love to the angel of death Catchin' feelings never stumble retracin' my steps
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^And I always find, yeah I always find somethin' wrong You been puttin' up wit' my shit just way too long I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most So I think it's time for us to have a toast Let's have a toast for the douche bags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know Let's have a toast for the jerk offs That'll never take work off Baby, I got a plan Run away fast as you can She find pictures in my email I sent this bitch a picture of my dick I don't know what it is with females But I'm not too good at that shit See, I could have me a good girl And still be addicted to them hood rats And I just blame everything on you At least you know that's what I'm good at And I always find Yeah I always find Yeah I always find somethin' wrong You been puttin' up wit' my shit just way too long I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most So I think it's time for us to have a toast Let's have a toast for the douche bags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know Let's have a toast for the jerk offs That'll never take work off Baby, I got a plan Run away fast as you can Runaway from me baby Runaway Runaway from me baby Runaway When it starts to get crazy, then run away Babe, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can Runaway from me baby Runaway Runaway from me baby Runaway When it starts to get crazy Why cant she just runaway? Baby I got a plan Run away fast as you can Twenty four seven, three sixty five Pussy stays on my mind I-I-I-I did it All right, all right, I admit it Now pick your best move You could leave or live wit' it Ichabod Crane with that mothafuckin' top off Split and go where? Back to wearin' knockoffs, ha ha Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off Hoes like vultures wanna fly in your Freddy loafers You can't blame 'em they ain't never seen Versace sofas Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet Comes with a price tag, baby face it You should leave if you can't accept the basics Plenty bitches in the baller-nigga matrix Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless I'm just young, rich, and tasteless P! Never was much of a romantic I could never take the intimacy And I know it did damage 'Cause the look in your eyes is killin' me I guessin' you're at an advantage 'Cause you could blame me for everything And I don't know where I'ma manage If one day you just up and leave And I always find, yeah I always find somethin' wrong You been puttin' up wit' my shit just way too long I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most So I think it's time for us to have a toast Let's have a toast for the douche bags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know Let's have a toast for the jerk offs That'll never take work off Baby, I got a plan Run away fast as you can
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy^I think I just fell in love with a porn star Turn the camera on, she a born star Turn the corners in a foreign car Call the coroners do the C.P.r. She gave that old nigga an ulcer Bitter sweet taste made his gold tooth ache (uh) Make a knee shake, make a priest faint (uh) Make a nun cum, make her cremate (uh) Move downtown cop a sweet space (uh) Livin' life like we on a sweep stakes (what?) We headed to hell for heaven's sakes (huh?) Well I'ma levitate, make the devil wait (yeah) Have you lost your mind? Tell me when you think we've crossed the line No more drugs for me Pussy and religion is all I need Grab my hand and Baby we'll live a hell of a life Never in your wildest dreams Never in your wildest dreams In your wildest You can hear the loudest screams Comin' from inside the screen You a wild bitch Tell me what I gotta do to be that guy Said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy Or do anal, or do a gang bang It's kinda crazy, that's all considered the same thing Well I guess a lot of niggas do gang bang And if we run trains, we all in the same gang Runaway slaves all on a chain gang Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang Have you lost your mind? Tell me when you think we've crossed the line No more drugs for me Pussy and religion is all I need Grab my hand and Baby we'll live a hell of a life One day I'm gon' marry a porn star We'll have a big ass crib and a long yard We'll have a mansion and some fly maids Nothin' to hide, we both screwed the bridesmaids She wanna roll play, 'til I roll over I'ma need a whole day, at least roll doja What party is we goin' to on Oscar day? Especially if she can't get that dress form Oscar De La Renta, they wouldn't rent her, they couldn't take the shame That's a dress of her back and told her get away How could you say they live they life wrong? When you never fuck wit' the lights on (Fuck wit' the lights, fuck wit' the, wit' the lights on) (Fuck wit' the lights, fuck wit' the, wit' the lights on) (Fuck wit' the lights, fuck wit' the, wit' the lights on) (Fuck wit' the lights, fuck wit' the, wit' the lights on) (Fuck wit' the lights, fuck wit' the, wit' the lights on) (Fuck wit' the lights, fuck wit' the, wit' the lights on) Have you lost your mind? Tell me what you think, we've crossed the line No more drugs for me Pussy and religion is all I need Grand my hand Baby we'll live a hell of a life I think I fell in love with a porn star And got married in the bathroom Honeymoon on the dance floor And got divorced by the end of the night That's one hell of a life
